 Chapter 6 Wireless LAN
Table 12   Wireless LAN > Wireless Settings: Repeater (continued)
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
DTIM Interval
Output Power 
Delivery Traffic Indication Message (DTIM) is the time period after which broadcast and 
multicast packets are transmitted to mobile clients in the Active Power Management 
mode. A high DTIM value can cause clients to lose connectivity with the network. 
Set the output power of the NWA in this field. If there is a high density of APs in an area, 
decrease the output power of the NWA to reduce interference with other APs. Select one 
of the following Full (Full Power), 50%, 25% or 12.5%. See the product specifications 
for more information on your NWA’s output power.
Preamble Type
Select Dynamic to have the AP automatically use short preamble when wireless adapters 
support it, otherwise the AP uses long preamble.
RTS/CTS 
Threshold
Select Long if you are unsure what preamble mode the wireless adapters support, and to 
provide more reliable communications in busy wireless networks. 
(Request To Send) The threshold (number of bytes) for enabling RTS/CTS handshake. 
Data with its frame size larger than this value will perform the RTS/CTS handshake. 
Setting this attribute to be larger than the maximum MSDU (MAC service data unit) size 
turns off the RTS/CTS handshake. Setting this attribute to its smallest value (1) turns on 
the RTS/CTS handshake. 
Extension 
Channel 
Protection Mode
You can use CTS to self or RTS-CTS protection mechanism to reduce conflicts with other 
wireless networks or hidden wireless clients. The throughput of RTS-CTS is much lower 
than CTS to self. Using this mode may decrease your wireless performance.
A-MPDU 
Aggregation 
This field is available only when 802.11n, 802.11b/g/n, 802.11a/n or 802.11a/n/ac 
is selected as the Wireless Mode. 
Select to enable A-MPDU aggregation.
Message Protocol Data Unit (MPDU) aggregation collects Ethernet frames along with their 
802.11n headers and wraps them in a 802.11n MAC header. This method is useful for 
increasing bandwidth throughput in environments that are prone to high error rates.
Short GI 
This field is available only when 802.11n, 802.11b/g/n, 802.11a/n or 802.11a/n/ac 
is selected as the Wireless Mode. 
Select Enabled to use Short GI (Guard Interval). The guard interval is the gap 
introduced between data transmission from users in order to reduce interference. 
Reducing the GI increases data transfer rates but also increases interference. Increasing 
the GI reduces data transfer rates but also reduces interference.
MCS Rate
The MCS Rate table is available only when 802.11n, 802.11b/g/n, 802.11a/n or 
802.11a/n/ac is selected in the Wireless Mode field.
IEEE 802.11n supports many different data rates which are called MCS rates. MCS stands 
for Modulation and Coding Scheme. This is an 802.11n feature that increases the wireless 
network performance in terms of throughput. 
For each MCS Rate (0-15), select either Enabled to have the NWA use the data rate. 
Clear the Enabled check box if you do not want the NWA to use the data rate. 
Turn on the Auto option to have the NWA set the data rates automatically to optimize the 
throughput.
Note: You can set the NWA to use up to four MCS rates at a time.
Apply
Cancel
Click Apply to save your changes.
Click Cancel to begin configuring this screen afresh.
NWA1000 Series User’s Guide
63
