 Appendix G Legal Information
IC Radiation Exposure Statement
This equipment complies with IC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. End users must follow the specific 
operating instructions for satisfying RF exposure compliance.
注意 !
依據  低功率電波輻射性電機管理辦法
第十二條  經型式認證合格之低功率射頻電機，非經許可，公司、商號或使用
者均不得擅自變更頻率、加大功率或變更原設計之特性及功能。
第十四條  低功率射頻電機之使用不得影響飛航安全及干擾合法通信；經發現
有干擾現象時，應立即停用，並改善至無干擾時方得繼續使用。
前項合法通信，指依電信規定作業之無線電信。低功率射頻電機須忍
受合法通信或工業、科學及醫療用電波輻射性電機設備之干擾。
本機限在不干擾合法電臺與不受被干擾保障條件下於室內使用。 
減少電磁波影響，請妥適使用。
在 5.25-5.35 (GHz) 頻帶內操作之無線資訊傳輸設備，限於室內使用。
電磁波曝露量 MPE 標準值 1 mW/cm2，送測產品實測值為 0.965 mW/cm2。
Notices 
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user's authority to operate the 
equipment.
This Class B digital apparatus complies with Canadian ICES-003.
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B est conforme à la norme NMB-003 du Canada.
Network standby power consumption < 12W and Off mode power consumption < 0.5W.
ErP (Energy-related Products) Declaration of Conformity
All ZyXEL products put on the EU market in compliance with the requirement of the European Parliament and the Council published 
Directive 2009/125/EC establishing a framework for the setting of ecodesign requirements for energy-related products (recast), so called 
as "ErP Directive (Energy-related Products directive).
This product has been outside the scope of Energy efficiency limitation requirement in the light of the terms of Regulation (EC) No 1275/
2008, Annex II:  
2.  Four years after this Regulation has come into force:
(c)  Availability of off mode and/or standby mode
Equipment shall, except where this is inappropriate for the intended use, provide off mode and/or standby mode, and/or another 
condition which does not exceed the applicable power consumption requirements for off mode and/or standby mode when the equipment 
is connected to the mains power source. 
(d)  Power management
-another condition which does not exceed the applicable power consumption requirements for off mode and/or standby mode when the 
equipment is connected to the mains power source. The power anagement function shall be activated before delivery.
4.  Information to be provided by manufacturers:
(c)  the characteristics of equipment relevant for assessing conformity with the requirements set out in point 1(c), or the requirements set 
out in points 2(c) and/or 2(d), as applicable, including the time taken to automatically reach standby, or off mode, or another condition 
which does not exceed the applicable power consumption requirements for off mode and/or standby mode.
In particular, if applicable, the technical justification shall be provided that the requirements set out in point 1(c), or the requirements set 
out in points 2(c) and/or 2(d), are inappropriate for the intended use of equipment.
EU Directive & Regulation:
ErP Directive: Directive 2009/125/EC
Standby & off mode: Regulation (EC) No 1275/2008,
Guidance accompanying Commission Regulation (EC) No 1275/2008, 
source: http://ec.europa.eu/energy/efficiency/ecodesign/eco_design_en.htm
Viewing Certifications
Go to http://www.zyxel.com to view this product’s documentation and certifications.
ZyXEL Limited Warranty
ZyXEL warrants to the original end user (purchaser) that this product is free from any defects in material or workmanship for a specific 
period (the Warranty Period) from the date of purchase. The Warranty Period varies by region. Check with your vendor and/or the 
authorized ZyXEL local distributor for details about the Warranty Period of this product. During the warranty period, and upon proof of 
purchase, should the product have indications of failure due to faulty workmanship and/or materials, ZyXEL will, at its discretion, repair or 
replace the defective products or components without charge for either parts or labor, and to whatever extent it shall deem necessary to 
restore the product  or components to proper operating condition. Any replacement will consist of a new or re-manufactured functionally 
equivalent product of equal or higher value, and will be solely at the discretion of ZyXEL. This warranty shall not apply if the product has 
been modified, misused, tampered with, damaged by an act of God, or subjected to abnormal working conditions.
Note
Repair or replacement, as provided under this warranty, is the exclusive remedy of the purchaser. This warranty is in lieu of all other 
warranties, express or implied, including any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. ZyXEL shall in 
no event be held liable for indirect or consequential damages of any kind to the purchaser.
To obtain the services of this warranty, contact your vendor. You may also refer to the warranty policy for the region in which you bought 
the device at http://www.zyxel.com/web/support_warranty_info.php.
NWA1000 Series User’s Guide
199
