Chapter 5 Network Tab 
Connection type 
There  is  only  one  LAN  Connection  type  Static  in  AP  Router  mode  and  AP  Client 
Router  (WISP  Client)  mode.  While  there  are  Static  and  Dynamic  of  Connection 
types  in  Access  Point  mode,  Client  mode,  Repeater  (Range  Extender)  mode  and 
Bridge mode. 
IP Address 
Enter the IP address of your AP/router (factory default: 192.168.0.254). 
Netmask 
IGMP Proxy 
DHCP Server 
Fallback IP 
Enter  the  Netmask  provided  by  your  ISP.  Normally  use  255.255.255.0  as  the 
netmask. 
IGMP  (Internet  Group  Management  Protocol)  works  for  IPTV  multicast  stream.  If 
you want to watch IPTV, please Enable it. 
If the built-in DHCP server is expected to assign IP addresses to clients connected 
to the wireless interface and LAN interface, please Enable it. 
When Dynamic IP is selected as the connection type, you can enable this function. 
The fallback IP will be used as the LAN IP when a DHCP server is not found. 
DHCP Fallback IP 
Specify the IP address for the device to use if a DHCP server is not found. 
DHCP Fallback Mask 
Specify the mask for the device to use if a DHCP server is not found. 
Start IP Address 
This  field  specifies  the  first  address  in  the  IP  Address  pool.  192.168.0.100  is  the 
default start IP address. 
End IP Address 
This  field  specifies  the  last  address  in  the  IP  Address  pool.  192.168.0.199  is  the 
default end IP address.   
Default Gateway 
Enter  the  IP  address  of  the  gateway  for  your  LAN.  The  factory  default  setting  is 
192.168.0.254. 
Default Domain 
Enter the domain name of your DHCP server. You can leave the field blank. 
Primary DNS 
Enter the DNS IP address provided by your ISP. Please consult your ISP if you don’t 
know the DNS value. The factory default setting is 0.0.0.0. 
Secondary DNS 
Enter the IP address of alternative DNS server if your ISP provides two DNS servers. 
The factory default setting is 0.0.0.0. 
Lease Time 
Enter  the  amount  time  of  the  leased  IP  address  assigned  by  the  DHCP  server. 
Before  the  time  is  up,  DHCP  client  will  request  to  renew  the  lease  automatically 
and DHCP server would not assign this IP address to other clients. 
- 45 - 
