TP-Link HomeShield
EasyMesh-Compatible
TP-Link HomeShield premium security services keep 
your home network safe with cutting-edge features. 
Download the Tether app to enjoy HomeShield features.  
Tether
Network Protection
Detects cyber threats to keep 
your privacy and connected 
devices well protected.
Quality of Service (QoS)
Prioritize your bandwidth 
needs for a better 
networking experience.
Parental Controls
Manage online time and block 
inappropriate content to 
maintain healthy online habits.
Comprehensive Reports
Gain full statistics and 
insights to help you know 
your home network better.
For more details, visit https://www.tp-link.com/homeshield.
You can experience strong, stable, and seamless wireless 
connections throughout your home with EasyMesh.
Seamless Roaming
Connects mobile devices to your routers or extenders that provide 
the best coverage. Devices compatible with EasyMesh also share a 
single Wi-Fi name so you stay connected in every room.
Setup Video
One-Click Settings
Press the WPS button on the main router and the satellite device 
within 2 minutes of each other, then the EasyMesh network will set up. 
Flexible Scalability
Flexibly scale your home networking with different vendors,* different 
topologies, different Protocols and different product categories.
*Failure may be due to firmware conflicts of different vendors. A better 
network connection can be established between all APs from TP-Link.
For more information, visit https://www.tp-link.com/easymesh/
USB Applications
With the USB port, it’s easy to share files and media with multiple 
devices. Visit https://www.tp-link.com/app/usb to learn more about the 
USB applications.
Remote Access: Access the USB drive when you are away from home
Local Storage Sharing: Share files from the USB drive with devices 
on your home network
Media Server: Play media from the USB drive on your computer 
Need Help?
Q1. What should I do if I can’t access the web management page?
•  Reboot your router and try again.
•  If the computer is set to a static IP, change its settings to obtain an IP 
address automatically.
•  Verify that http://tplinkwifi.net is correctly entered in the web browser. 
Alternatively, enter http://192.168.0.1 or http://192.168.1.1 in the web 
browser.
•  Use another web browser and try again.
•  Disable and enable the network adapter in use.
Q2. What should I do if I can’t access the internet?
•  Power off your modem for about 5 minutes, then power it on and check 
the internet. If your modem has more than one Ethernet port, keep the 
other ports unconnected.
•  Check if the internet is working normally by connecting a computer 
directly to the modem via an Ethernet cable. If it is not, contact your 
internet service provider.
•  Log in to the web management page, and go to the Network Map page to 
check whether the internet IP address is valid or not. If it’s valid, go to 
Advanced > Network > Internet, click Advanced Settings, select Use the 
Following DNS Addresses, set the primary DNS to 8.8.8.8, and set the 
secondary DNS to 8.8.4.4.  If it is not, check the hardware connection or 
contact your internet service provider.
•  For cable modem users, log in to the web management page of the 
router and go to Advanced > Network > Internet > MAC Clone. Select 
Clone Current Device MAC and click SAVE. Then reboot both the 
modem and the router.
Q3. What should I do if I forget my wireless password?
•  If you have not changed the default wireless password, it can be found on 
the label at the back of the router.
•  Connect a computer directly to the router using an Ethernet cable. Log in 
to the router’s web management page at http://tplinkwifi.net and go to 
the Wireless page to retrieve or reset your wireless password.
Q4. What should I do if I forget my web management page password?
• If you are using a TP-Link ID to log in, click Forgot Password? on the login 
page and then follow the instructions to reset it.
• Alternatively, press and hold the Reset button until the LEDs cycle. Then 
visit http://tplinkwifi.net to create a new login password.
Q5. How should I position my router for optimal Wi-Fi performance?
•  Keep the router vertical while working.
•  Don’t place your router in a corner or in a closet.
•  Avoid obstacles and high-powered appliances.
•  Keep your router in a central location at a certain height.
For technical support, replacement services, user guides, and other 
information, please visit https://www.tp-link.com/support.
TP-Link hereby declares that the device is in compliance with the essential 
requirements and other relevant provisions of directives 2014/53/EU, 
2009/125/EC, 2011 /65/EU and (EU) 2015/863.
The original EU declaration of conformity may be found at 
https://www.tp-link.com/en/support/ce
TP-Link hereby declares that the device is in compliance with the essential 
requirements and other relevant provisions of the Radio Equipment Regulations 
2017. 
The original UK declaration of conformity may be found at 
https://www.tp-link.com/support/ukca
· Keep the device away from water, fire, humidity or hot environments.
· Do not attempt to disassemble, repair, or modify the device. If you need service, 
please contact us.
· Do not use any other chargers than those recommended.
· Do not use damaged charger or USB cable to charge the device.
· Do not use the device where wireless devices are not allowed. 
· Adapter shall be installed near the equipment and shall be easily accessible.
©2024 TP-Link   7106510966   REV1.0.0
Quick Installation Guide
Tri-Band Wi-Fi 7 Router
