TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF SOFTWARE (“TERMS”)
4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt 
otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License.
However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long 
as such parties remain in full compliance.
5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify 
or distribute the Program or its derivative works.  These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, 
by modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do 
so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it.
6.  Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from 
the original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any 
further restrictions on the recipients’ exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by 
third parties to this License.
7.  If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent 
issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this 
License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your 
obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at 
all.  For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies 
directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from 
distribution of the Program.
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is 
intended to apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances. 
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of 
any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system, which 
is implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software 
distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or 
she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.
143
