Compliance
FCC
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible 
for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to 
the following two conditions.
1.  This device may not cause harmful interference, and
2.  This device must accept any interference received, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation.
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a 
Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are 
designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in 
a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate 
radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with 
the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. 
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference 
to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning 
the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the 
interference by one or more of the following measures:
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
•  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to 
which the receiver is connected.
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
Operations of this equipment in a residential area is likely to cause 
harmful interference in which case the user will be required to correct the 
interference at his own expense.
This radio transmitter FCC ID: SWX-PBE5M has been approved by FCC 
to operate with the antenna types listed below with the maximum 
permissible gain and required antenna impedance for each antenna type 
indicated. Antenna types not included in this list, having a gain greater 
than the maximum gain indicated for that type, are strictly prohibited for 
use with this device.
Antenna Information: Omnidirectional antenna, Gain : 6 dBi
