NOTE: 
This document is subject to change without notice. 
Protect Our Environment 
This symbol indicates that when the equipment has reached the end of   
its useful life, it must be taken to a recycling centre and processed   
separate from domestic waste. 
The cardboard box, the plastic contained in the packaging, and the parts that make 
up this router can be recycled in accordance with regionally established regulations.   
Never dispose of this electronic equipment along with your household waste; you 
may be subject to penalties or sanctions under the law.    Instead, please be 
responsible and ask for disposal instructions from your local government. 
FCC Compliance 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B 
Digital Device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to 
provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential 
installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy 
and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instruction, may cause harmful 
interference to radio communication. However, there is no grantee that interference 
will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment dose cause harmful 
interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the 
equipment off and on , the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by 
one or more of the following measures: 
(cid:3)  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
(cid:3) 
(cid:3)  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
the receiver is connected. 
(cid:3)  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help. 
The changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for 
compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment. 
To comply with the FCC RF exposure compliance requirements, this device and its 
antenna must not be co-located or operating to conjunction with any other antenna 
or transmitter. 
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm 
between the radiator & your body. 
2 
