Appendix E Legal Information
PRODUCT COMPLIES WITH 21 CFR 1040.10 AND 1040.11.
PRODUIT CONFORME SELON 21 CFR 1040.10 ET 1040.11.
Viewing Certifications
1 Go to http://www.zyxel.com.
2
3
Select your product on the ZyXEL home page to go to that product's page.
Select the certification you wish to view from this page.
ZyXEL Limited Warranty
ZyXEL warrants to the original end user (purchaser) that this product is free from any defects in 
material or workmanship for a specific period (the Warranty Period) from the date of purchase. The 
Warranty Period varies by region. Check with your vendor and/or the authorized ZyXEL local 
distributor for details about the Warranty Period of this product. During the warranty period, and 
upon proof of purchase, should the product have indications of failure due to faulty workmanship 
and/or materials, ZyXEL will, at its discretion, repair or replace the defective products or 
components without charge for either parts or labor, and to whatever extent it shall deem 
necessary to restore the product  or components to proper operating condition. Any replacement 
will consist of a new or re-manufactured functionally equivalent product of equal or higher value, 
and will be solely at the discretion of ZyXEL. This warranty shall not apply if the product has been 
modified, misused, tampered with, damaged by an act of God, or subjected to abnormal working 
conditions.
Note
Repair or replacement, as provided under this warranty, is the exclusive remedy of the purchaser. 
This warranty is in lieu of all other warranties, express or implied, including any implied warranty of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. ZyXEL shall in no event be held liable for 
indirect or consequential damages of any kind to the purchaser.
To obtain the services of this warranty, contact your vendor. You may also refer to the warranty 
policy for the region in which you bought the device at http://www.zyxel.com/web/
support_warranty_info.php.
Registration
Register your product online to receive e-mail notices of firmware upgrades and information at 
www.zyxel.com.
Open Source Licenses
This product contains in part some free software distributed under GPL license terms and/or GPL 
like licenses. Open source licenses are provided with the firmware package. You can download the 
latest firmware at www.zyxel.com. To obtain the source code covered under those Licenses, please 
contact support@zyxel.com.tw to get it. 
198
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
