Chapter 7 Management Tab 
Set Community 
Set Community has the read and write right of the device's SNMP information. 
Enter the community name that allows read/write access to the device's SNMP 
information. The community name can be considered as a password to restrict 
the access right of SNMP managers. The default name is private. 
Defines  the  IP  address  (for  example,  10.10.10.1)  or  subnet  (for  example, 
10.10.10.0/24)  for  management  systems  that  can  serve  as  Set  Community  to 
read  and  write  the  SNMP  information  of  this  device.  The  default  is  0.0.0.0, 
which means all hosts can read and write the SNMP information of this device. 
Set Source 
NOTE: 
Defining  community  can  allow  management  systems in  the  same  community  to communicate  with  the 
SNMP Agent. The community name can be seen as the shared password of the network hosts group. Thus, 
for  the  safety,  we  suggest  modifying  the  default  community  name  before  enabling  the  SNMP  Agent 
service. If the field of community is blank, the SNMP Agent will not respond to any community name. 
SSH Server 
The SSH Server function allows users to log in and manage the device through SSH connection on the SSH 
client software. 
SSH  (Secure  Shell)  is  a  security  protocol  established  on  application  and  transport  layers.  SSH-encrypted-
connection is similar to a telnet connection, but essentially the old telnet remote management method is 
not  safe,  because  the  password  and  data  transmitted  with  plain-text  can  be  easily  intercepted.  SSH  can 
provide information security and powerful authentication when you log in this device remotely through 
an insecure network environment. It can encrypt all the transmission data and prevent the information in 
remote management from being leaked. 
Server Port 
Enter the TCP/IP port of the SSH Server. The default port is 22. 
SSH Login 
Enable the SSH Server function. 
Remote Management 
Enable the function to let TP-LINK Pharos Control software manage the device 
remotely. 
- 75 - 
