RTS Threshold
RTS/CTS (Request to Send/Clear to Send) is used to improve the data 
transmission efficiency of the network with hidden nodes, especially when 
there are lots of large packets to be transmitted.
When the size of a data packet is larger than the RTS Threshold, the RTS/
CTS mechanism will be activated. With this mechanism activated, before 
sending a data packet, the client will send an RTS packet to the EAP to 
request data transmitting. And then the EAP will send CTS packet to inform 
other clients to delay their data transmitting. In this way, packet collisions 
can be avoided.
For  a  busy  network  with  hidden  nodes,  a  low  threshold  value  will  help 
reduce interference and packet collisions. But for a not-so-busy network, a 
too low threshold value will cause bandwidth wasting and reduce the data 
throughput. The recommended and default value is 2347 bytes.
The fragmentation function can limit the size of packets transmitted over 
the network. If the size of a packet exceeds the Fragmentation Threshold, 
the fragmentation function is activated and the packet will be fragmented 
into several packets.
Fragmentation helps improve network performance if properly configured. 
However, a too low fragmentation threshold may result in poor wireless 
performance caused by the extra work of dividing up and reassembling 
of frames and increased message traffic. The recommended and default 
value is 2346 bytes.
Fragmentation 
Threshold
Airtime Fairness
EAP225_V3,  EAP225-Outdoor_V1,  EAP245_V3,  EAP320  and  EAP330 
support this feature. 
With this option enabled, each client connected to the EAP can get the 
same amount of time to transmit data, avoiding low-data-rate clients to 
occupy too much network bandwidth.
Compared  with  the  relatively  new  client  devices,  some  legacy  client 
devices  support  slower  wireless  rate.  If  they  communicate  with  the 
same  EAP,  the  slower  clients  take  more  time  to  transmit  and  receive 
data  compared with the faster clients. As a result, the overall wireless 
throughput of the network decreases. So under such circumstance, we 
recommend that you enable this feature to ensure the data transmission 
time for the faster clients. In this way, the network overall throughput can 
be improved.
For  EAP225_V3  and  EAP225-Outdoor_V1,  with  this  option  enabled,  at 
most 50 wireless clients can connect to the EAP in 2.4GHz band. 
 28
