Regulatory Information
Caution: Do not remove the plug and connect it to a power outlet by itself; always attach the plug to the power adapter first 
before connecting it to a power outlet.
Federal Communication Commission Interference Statement:
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC 
Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This 
equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, 
may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined 
by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one of the following measures: 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• 
•  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
Non-modifications Statement:
Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority 
to operate this equipment.
Caution:
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may 
not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may 
cause undesired operation.
For product available in the USA/Canada market, only channel 1~11 can be operated. Selection of other channels is not possible.
Pour les produits disponibles aux États-Unis / Canada du marché, seul le canal 1 à 11 peuvent être exploités. Sélection d’autres canaux 
n’est pas possible.
This device and its antenna(s) must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter except 
in accordance with FCC/IC multi-transmitter product procedures.
Cet appareil et son antenne (s) ne doit pas être co-localisés ou fonctionnement en association avec une autre antenne ou transmetteur.
118
