HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
FAQs 
network adapter is not properly installed. In this case, re-install the driver for the network 
adapter of the computer. 
For  details  about  how  to  set  the  parameters,  see  the  description  of  the  PPP  dialing
software. 
Step 5 
Ensure that you have entered the correct user name and user password that are required 
by the PPP dialing software. 
The user name and the user password are provided by your Internet Service Provider.  
Step 6  Che
ck whether you can use the PPP dialing software to dial successfully. 
If you cannot use the PPP dialing software to dial
follows: 
 successfully, perform further checks as 
1.  Stop the PPP dialing software and then power off the terminal. After five minutes
, 
power on the terminal and use the PPP dialing software to dial again. 
2.  Restore the default settings of the terminal. 
If the problem persists, contact 
your Internet Service Provider. 
Step 7 
ample. To 
eb browser is correctly configured. Take the 
Check whether the proxy server of the W
Internet Explorer installed on a computer that runs Windows XP as an ex
check whether the proxy server of the Web browser is correctly conf
follows: 
1.  Start the Internet Explorer. 
2. 
3. 
4.  In the Local Area Network (LAN) settings group box, click LAN settings. 
5.  In the Proxy server group box of the Local Area Network (LAN) Settings dialog 
box, ensure that Use a proxy server for your LAN (These settings will not apply 
to dial-up or VPN connections) is not selected. 
Choose Tools > Internet Options. 
In the Internet Options dialog box, click the Conne
igured, do as 
ctions tab. 
Step 8  Try to access multiple other Web sites to check whether the terminal can ac
cess. 
If the terminal still cannot a
ccess other Web sites, contact your Internet Service Provider. 
hat can I do if I cannot access the terminal 
8.3 W
configuration page? 
Step 1
See the answer to 8.2 "What can I do if I cannot visit We
and ensure that the power supply of the terminal works prop
lines and network cables of the terminal are properly connected. 
b sites through the terminal?
" 
erly and that the telephone 
Step 2 
Check the IP address of your computer and 
network segment as the LAN IP address of the terminal. 
ensure that this IP address is in the same 
Step 3  Ensure that your Web browser does not use a proxy server. 
Step 4  Ensure that you have entered the correct user name and user password that are used for 
accessing the terminal configuration page. 
If the problem persists, restore the default settings of the terminal. 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
8-3 
