 Appendix B Glossary 
Glossary 
Description 
SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer 
Protocol) 
SMTP is an Internet standard for electronic mail (e-mail) transmission 
SSH (Secure Shell Protocol) 
SSH  is  a  network  protocol  that  allows  data  to  be  exchanged  using  a 
secure channel between two networked devices. 
S 
SSID  
SNMP (Simple Network 
Management Protocol) 
A  Service  Set  Identification  is  a  thirty-two  character  (maximum) 
alphanumeric  key  identifying  a  wireless  local  area  network.  For  the 
wireless  devices  in  a  network  to  communicate  with  each  other,  all 
devices  must  be  configured  with  the  same  SSID.  This  is  typically  the 
configuration  parameter  for  a  wireless  PC  card.  It  corresponds  to  the 
ESSID in the wireless Access Point and to the wireless network name.  
SNMP  provides  a  management  frame  to  monitor  and  maintain  the 
network devices. With SNMP function enabled, network administrators 
can easily  monitor the network performance, detect  the  malfunctions 
and configure the network devices. 
TCP (Transfer Control 
Protocol) 
Connection-oriented  transport  layer  protocol  that  provides  reliable 
full-duplex data transmission. 
TCP/IP (Transmission 
Control Protocol/ Internet 
Protocol) 
T 
Common  name  for  the  suite  of  protocols  to  support  the  construction 
of  worldwide  Internet  works.  TCP  and  IP  are  the  two  best-known 
protocols in the suite. 
TDMA (Time Division 
Multiple Access) 
UDP (User Datagram 
Protocol) 
TDMA  (Time  Division  Multiple  Access)  cuts  each  wireless  data  frame 
into  certain  number  of  time  slots  according  to  the  client  connections 
priority, greatly boosting efficiency of the wireless channel. 
UDP 
is  a  simple  protocol  that  exchanges  datagram  without 
acknowledgments  or  guaranteed  delivery,  requiring  that  error 
processing and retransmission be handled by other protocols. 
UPnP (Universal Plug and 
Play) 
UPnP is a set of networking protocols for primarily residential networks 
without enterprise class devices that permits networked devices. 
VLAN (Virtual Local Area 
Network) 
Group  of  devices  on  one  or  more  LANs  that  are  configured  (using 
management software) so that they can communicate as if they were 
attached to the same wire, when in fact they are located on a number 
of different LAN segments. Because VLANs are based on logical instead 
of physical connections, they are extremely flexible. 
VPN (Virtual Private 
Network) 
Enables  IP  traffic  to  travel  securely  over  a  public  TCP/IP  network  by 
encrypting all traffic from one network to another. 
U 
V 
- 91 - 
