After the preceding operations, the current page jumps to the login page. You can log in 
to the Web-based configuration utility by entering the default user name and password 
that are admin. 
7 FAQs 
How can I quickly enable or disable the wireless network function? 
Press and hold the WLAN button for over one second, and then release the button to 
enable or disable the wireless network function. The WLAN indicator shows 
whether the wireless network function is enabled. 
How can I quickly restore the default settings of the terminal? 
To restore the default settings, press and hold the RESET button on the rear panel 
for over six seconds after the HG622 is powered on, and then release the button. 
What can I do if I cannot access the Internet through the terminal? 
Step 1  Check whether the POWER indicator on the terminal is solid on. 
If the POWER indicator is off, perform further checks as follows: 
1.  Ensure that the terminal is turned on. 
2.  Ensure that electricity comes from the socket and that the power input 
from the socket meets the requirements described on the label of the 
terminal power adapter. If the voltage is unsteady, for example, if the 
voltage is too high or too low, do not use the terminal. Wait until the 
voltage restores to its normal level, and then use the terminal. 
3.  Ensure that the terminal is properly connected to the socket through 
the power adapter. 
If the POWER indicator is still off, contact an authorized maintenance 
center. 
Step 2  After powering on the terminal, wait for about three minutes. Then, check 
whether the VDSL indicator on the terminal is solid on. 
If the VDSL indicator blinks for a long time, perform further checks as 
follows: 
1.  Ensure that telephone lines are properly connected. Pay special 
attention to the connections between the telephone lines and the 
splitter. 
2.  Ensure that the terminal or telephone lines are far from the electric 
appliances that generate strong magnetic or electric fields. Replace 
telephone lines when necessary. 
If the VDSL indicator still blinks and does not turn solid on, contact your 
16 
