Letter of Declaration on Subordinate Indoor Device (6PP)
Operation
Federal Communications Commission
Authorization and Evaluation Division
7435 Oakland Mills Road Columbia, MD 21046
FCC ID: 2BCGWBE700
To Whom It May Concern
We, TP-LINK CORPORATION PTE. LTD. (Address: 7 Temasek Boulevard #29-03 Suntec Tower
One, Singapore 038987), attest that this Subordinate Indoor Device complies with the
following requirements of Part 15E of the FCC’s rules for the 5.925~7.125 GHz band:
Protocol attestation statement:
1. This device will always be under the control of a low-power indoor AP and will only
initiate brief messages to be under the control of an indoor low-power AP. These brief
messages will only occur if the subordinate has detected a low-power indoor AP
operating on a channel. These brief messages will have a time-out mechanism such that
if it does not receive a response from an AP it will not continually repeat the request.
2. Once under control of an indoor access point, a subordinate will initiate connections
with clients, other access points, or other subordinate devices at a lower power or equal
to the power advertised by the access point controlling the subordinate and never above
the maximum output power allowed by the FCC grant for equipment class 6PP.
3. An 11ax/be IEEE device’s transmit power envelope element has information fields for
power limits for connecting client/subordinate devices. The TPE information is
embedded in this device’s signals and used to tell the connecting clients/subordinate
that the max TX powers it is allowed to transmit. There is a regulatory info field in this
device’s beacon and probe response frames which detail this device type when the
client/subordinate associates to this device.
Statement acknowledging device restrictions:
1. This device operating in the 5.925-7.125 GHz band is supplied power from a wired
connection, has an integrated antenna, is not battery-powered, and does not have a
weatherized enclosure.
2. This device's operation will not be allowed on oil platforms, cars, trains, boats, and
aircraft, except that operation of this device is permitted in large aircraft while flying
above 10,000 feet only in the 5.925-6.425 GHz band.
3. This device is prohibited for control of or communications with unmanned aircraft
systems, including drones.
