Federal Communication Commission Interference
Statement (FCC ID: TV7RB952-5AC2ND)
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection
against harmful interference in a residential installation.
This equipment generates, uses and can radiate  radio frequency energy and, if not installed and
used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this
equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined
by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one
of the following measures:
•
•
•
•
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
FCC Caution:  Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the  party responsible for
compliance could void the user’s authority to operate this equipment.
This   device   complies   with   Part   15   of   the   FCC   Rules.   Operation   is   subject   to   the   following   two
conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any
interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
This   device   and   its   antenna  must   not   be   co-located   or   operation   in   conjunction   with   any   other
antenna or transmitter.
IMPORTANT: Exposure to Radio Frequency Radiation.
13   cm   minimum   distance   has   to   be   maintained   between   the   antenna   and   user.   Under   such
configuration, the FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an population/uncontrolled environment
can be satisfied.
Antenna   Installation.  WARNING:  It   is   installer's   responsibility   to   ensure   that   when   using   the
authorized antennas in the United States (or where FCC rules apply); only those antennas certified
with the product are used. The use of any antenna other than those certified with the product is
expressly forbidden in accordance to FCC rules CFR47 part 15.204. The installer should configure the
output power level of antennas, according to country regulations and per antenna type. Professional
installation is required of equipment with connectors to ensure compliance with health and safety
issues. 
Industry Canada (IC:7442A-9525AC) 
This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard(s). Operation is subject to
the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must
accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.
Le   présent   appareil   est   conforme   aux   CNR   d'Industrie   Canada   applicables   aux   appareils   radio
exempts de licence. L'exploitation est autorisée aux deux conditions suivantes : (1) l'appareil ne doit
pas   produire   de   brouillage,   et   (2)   l'utilisateur   de   l'appareil   doit   accepter   tout   brouillage
radioélectrique subi, même si le brouillage est susceptible d'en compromettre le fonctionnement. 
See www.routerboard.com for more information. Contact support@mikrotik.com
2-Aug-16
