TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF SOFTWARE (“TERMS”)
 These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program,  
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to 
those sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which 
is a work based on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other 
licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to 
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Program. 
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) 
on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.
3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the 
terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:
a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of 
Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of 
physically performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be distributed 
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute corresponding source code.  (This alternative is 
allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable form with such an 
offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)
The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it.  For an executable work, complete 
source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts 
used to control compilation and installation of the executable.  However, as a special exception, the source code distributed need not 
include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so 
on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.
If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent 
access to copy the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not 
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.
142
