AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
5.2 Environmental Requirements for Device Operation
5.2.1 Environmental Requirements for an Equipment Room
Requirements for Selecting a Site for an Equipment Room
When designing a project, consider the communication network planning and technical
requirements of the equipment. Also consider hydrographic, geological, seismic, power supply,
and transportation factors.
Construction, structure, heating and ventilation, power supply, lighting and fire-proof
construction of the equipment room should be designed by specialized construction designers
to suit the environmental requirements of devices. The equipment room should also follow local
regulations concerning the industrial construction, environmental protection, fire safety, and
civil air defense. Construction must conform to government standards, regulations, and other
requirements.
The equipment room should be located in a place free from high temperature, dust, toxic gases,
explosive materials, or unstable voltage. Keep the equipment room away from significant
vibrations or loud noises, as well as power transformer stations.
The specific requirements for selecting a site for an equipment room are as follows:
l The room should be located at a distance of at least 5 km (3.11 mi.) from heavy pollution
sources such as smelting and coal mines. It should be located at a distance of at least 3.7
km (2.30 mi.) from moderate pollution sources such as chemical, rubber, and galvanization
factories. It should be located at a distance of at least 2 km (1.24 mi.) from light pollution
sources such as packinghouses and tanyards. If these pollution sources cannot be avoided,
ensure that the equipment room is upwind of the pollution sources. In addition, use a high-
quality equipment room or protection products.
l The room should be located away from livestock farms, or be upwind of the livestock farms.
Do not use an old livestock room or fertilizer warehouse as the equipment room.
l The equipment room must be far away from residential areas. An equipment room that is
not far away from residential areas must comply with equipment room construction
standards to avoid noise pollution.
l The room should be located far away from industrial and heating boilers.
l The room should be at least 3.7 km (2.30 mi.) away from the seaside or salt lake. Otherwise,
the equipment room should be airtight with cooling facilities. In addition, alkalized soil
cannot be used as the construction material. Otherwise, equipment suitable for wet
conditions must be used.
l The doors and windows of the equipment room must be kept closed to maintain an airtight
room.
l Using steel doors to ensure sound insulation is recommended.
l No cracks or openings are allowed on the walls or floors. The outlet holes on the walls or
windows must be sealed. Walls must be constructed such that they are smooth, wear-
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
81
