DoS Protection 
Chapter 5 Network Tab 
 
IPSec  Passthrough  -  IPSec  (Internet  Protocol  security)  is  a  suite  of 
protocols  for  ensuring  private,  secure  communications  over  IP  (Internet 
Protocol)  networks,  through  the  use  of  cryptographic  security  services. 
Check the box to allow IPSec tunnels to pass through the Device. 
DoS (Denial of Service) Attack is to occupy the network bandwidth maliciously 
by the network attackers or the evil programs sending a lot of service requests 
to  the  Host,  which  incurs  an  abnormal  service  or  even  breakdown  of  the 
network.    With  DoS  Protection  function  enabled,  the  device  can  analyze  the 
specific  fields  of  the  IP  packets  and  distinguish  the  malicious  DoS  attack 
packets. Upon detecting the packets, the device will discard the illegal packets 
directly  and  limit  the  transmission  rate  of  the  legal  packets  if  the  over  legal 
packets  may  incur  a  breakdown  of  the  network.  The  hosts  sending  these 
packets will be added into the Blocked DoS Host List. The device can defend a 
ICMP_FLOOD,  UDP_FLOOD  and 
few 
TCP_SYN_FLOOD. 
types  of  DoS  attack  such  as 
  Packets Statistics Interval - Select a value between 5 and 60 seconds from 
the  drop-down  list.  The  default  value  is  10.  The  value  indicates  the  time 
interval  of  the  packets  statistics.  The  result  of  the  statistic  is  used  for 
analysis by ICMP-Flood, UDP Flood and TCP-SYN Flood. 
 
ICMP_FLOOD  Attack  Filter  -  Enter  a  value  between  5  and  3600.  The 
default  value  is  50.  When  the  current  ICMP-FLOOD  Packets  number  is 
beyond  the  set  value,  the  device  will  start  up  the  blocking  function 
immediately. 
  UDP_FLOOD Attack Filter - Enter a value between 5 and 3600. The default 
value is 500. When the current UPD-FLOOD Packets number is beyond the 
set value, the device will start up the blocking function immediately. 
  TCP-SYN-FLOOD  Attack  Filter  -  Enter  a  value  between  5  and  3600.  The 
default  value  is  50.  When  the  current  TCP-SYN-FLOOD  Packets  numbers  is 
beyond  the  set  value,  the  Device  will  start  up  the  blocking  function 
immediately. 
- 51 - 
