Chapter 8 System
The following table describes the labels in this screen.
Table 31   System > SNMP
LABEL
SNMP
Port
Secure Access 
Control
DESCRIPTION
You can change the server port number for a service if needed, however you must use 
the same port number in order to use that service for remote management.
Select the interface(s) through which a computer may access the NWA using SNMP and 
to which the IP and MAC filtering rules you specified below are applied. Otherwise, 
select Disable to allow any computer to access the NWA through any interface using 
SNMP.
Secured Client IP 
Address
A secured client is a “trusted” computer that is allowed to communicate with the NWA 
using this service. 
Secured Client MAC 
Address
SNMP Configuration
Protocol Version
Select All to allow any computer to access the NWA using this service.
Choose Selected to just allow the computer with the IP address that you specify to 
access the NWA using this service.
Select All to allow any computer to access the NWA using this service.
Choose Selected to just allow the computer with the MAC address that you specify to 
access the NWA using this service.
Select the SNMP version for the NWA, which you allow the SNMP manager to use to 
access the NWA.
The SNMP version on the NWA must match the version on the SNMP manager. 
Get Community
Set Community
Enter the Get Community, which is the password for the incoming Get and GetNext 
requests from the management station. 
Enter the Set community, which is the password for incoming Set requests from the 
management station. 
Trap Community
Type the trap community, which is the password sent with each trap to the SNMP 
manager. 
Trap Destination
Type the IP address of the station to send your SNMP traps to.
SNMPv3 Admin 
Settings 
SNMPv3 Admin
Select the check box to enable the SNMP administrator account for authentication with 
SNMP managers using SNMP v3. 
User Name
Specify the user name of the SNMP administrator account.
Password
Enter the password for SNMP administrator authentication. 
Confirm Password
Retype the password for confirmation.
Access Type
Specify the SNMP administrator’s access rights to MIBs.
Read/Write - The SNMP administrator has read and write rights, meaning that the 
user can create and edit the MIBs on the NWA.
Read Only - The SNMP administrator has read rights only, meaning the user can collect 
information from the NWA.
Authentication 
Protocol
Select an authentication algorithm used for SNMP communication with the SNMP 
administrator.
MD5 (Message Digest 5) and SHA (Secure Hash Algorithm) are hash algorithms used 
to authenticate SNMP data. SHA authentication is generally considered stronger than 
MD5, but is slower. 
100
NWA1000 Series User’s Guide
