AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
resistant, dustproof, flame retardant, sound insulated, heat absorptive, and have
electromagnetic shielding.
l The air vent of the room should be far from the exhaust of city waste pipes, big cesspools
and sewage treatment tanks. The room should be in the positive pressure state to prevent
corrosive gases from entering the equipment room and corroding components and circuit
boards.
l It is recommended that the room be on or above the second floor. If this requirement cannot
be met, the ground for equipment installation in the room should be at least 600 mm (23.62
in,) above the maximum flood level.
l The equipment room should be strong enough to resist winds and downpours.
l The room should be located away from dusty roads or sand. If this is unavoidable, the doors
and windows of the equipment room must not face pollution sources.
l Do not place air conditioning vents near the equipment so that they blow directly on the
equipment because condensation may be blown into the equipment.
l Do not use decorative materials that contain sulfur in the equipment room.
Equipment Room Layout
An equipment room usually contains mobile switching equipment, telecommunications
equipment, power supply equipment, and other auxiliary equipment. To ensure easy
maintenance and management, place the equipment in different rooms. Figure 5-79 shows the
layout of the equipment room.
Figure 5-79 Layout of the equipment room
Control room
Generator room
Transmission
room
Main communication
equipment room
Power distribution
room
Battery room
Substation room
 Communication cable and optical cable
Power cable
The general layout principles of the equipment room are as follows:
l It should meet requirements for laying out and maintaining communication cables and
power cables.
l It should reduce the cabling distance, which facilitates cable maintenance, reduces potential
communication faults, and maximizes efficiency.
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
82
