Federal Communication Commission Interference Statement 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 
of the FCC Rules.    These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a 
residential  installation.    This  equipment  generates,  uses  and  can  radiate  radio  frequency  energy  and,  if  not 
installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.   
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation.    If this equipment does 
cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off 
and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one of the following measures: 
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected. 
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help. 
(cid:122) 
(cid:122) 
(cid:122) 
(cid:122) 
(cid:122) 
FCC Caution: Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could 
void the user's authority to operate this equipment. 
This  device  and  its  antenna(s)  must  not  be  co-located  or  operating  in  conjunction  with  any  other  antenna  or 
transmitter. 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules.   
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this 
device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation. 
"To reduce potential radio interference to other users, the antenna type and its gain should be so chosen that the 
equivalent isotropically radiated power (EIRP) is not more than that required for successful communication" 
"This device has been designed to operate with an antenna having a maximum gain of 2 dBi. Antenna having a 
higher gain is strictly prohibited per regulations of Industry Canada. The required antenna impedance is 50 ohms." 
“To reduce potential radio interference to other users, the antenna type and its gain should be so chosen that the 
equivalent isotropically radiated power (e.i.r.p.) is not more than that permitted for successful communication.”   
FCC /IC Radiation Exposure Statement: 
This equipment complies with FCC/IC RSS-102 radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator & your body. 
Ant.  Antenna 
Model Name 
Product description Gain (dBi)
Tx/Rx 
REMARK 
Type 
1  Monopole Ant.  TWX-145XRSXX361 
2  Monopole Ant. 
IWX-145XRSCX-361 
3  Monopole Ant.  KWX-145XRSDX-361 
2dBi 2.4/5GHz Dual-Band 
Antenna   
2dBi 2.4GHz Single-Band 
Antenna   
2dBi 5GHz Single-Band 
Antenna   
mode 
2T3R 
2/2 
Main Ant. for test
concurrent 
2T3R 
concurrent 
2T3R 
concurrent 
2 
2 
N/A 
N/A 
If this device is going to be operated in 5.15 ~ 5.25GHz frequency range, then it is restricted in indoor environment only.
