Wireless VLAN
ID
Set a VLAN ID for the wireless network. It supports maximum 8 VLANs 
per frequency band.
With  this  feature,  the  EAP  can  work  together  with  the  switches 
supporting  802.1Q  VLAN.  The  EAP  adds  different  VLAN  tags  to  the 
clients which are connected to the corresponding wireless network. The 
clients in different VLANs cannot directly communicate with each other.
VLAN 0 means that the EAP does not add any VLAN tag to the clients 
which are connected to this wireless network.
Note: Clients connected to the EAP via Ethernet cable do not belong 
to any VLAN. Thus wired client can communicate with all the wireless 
clients despite the VLAN settings.
SSID Broadcast
With  the  option  enabled,  EAP  will  broadcast  the  SSID  to  the  nearby 
hosts, so that those hosts can find the wireless network identified by 
this SSID. If this option is disabled, users must enter the SSID manually 
to connect to the EAP.
Security Mode
Select  the  security  mode  of  the  wireless  network.  There  are  four 
options:
None: Clients can access the wireless network without authentication.
WEP /WPA-Enterprise /WPA-PSK :  Clients  need  to  pass  the 
authentication  before  accessing  the  wireless  network.  For  network 
security, we recommend that you encrypt your wireless network. The 
following sections will introduce how to configure these security modes.
Portal
With this option enabled, the Portal configuration will be applied to this 
wireless network.
Portal  provides  authentication  service  for  the  clients  who  just  need 
temporary access to the wireless network, such as the customers in a 
shopping mall or in a restaurant. Portal also provides a way for vendors 
and  companies  to  put  their  advertisements  on  the  authentication 
page. For detailed instructions about Portal, refer to Configure Portal 
Authentication.
SSID Isolation
With  this  option  enabled,  the  devices  connected  to  the  same  SSID 
cannot communicate with each other.
4. Click OK to create the SSID.
Following is the detailed instructions about how to configure WEP, WPA-Enterprise and 
WPA-PSK.
·
WEP
WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy) is a traditional encryption method. It has been proved 
that WEP has security flaws and can easily be cracked, so WEP cannot provide effective 
protection for wireless networks. Since WPA-PSK and WPA-Enterprise are much safer 
 23
