FCC CUSTOMER INFORMATION
•  CAUTION: Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the manufacturer responsible for compliance could void the 
user’s authority to operate the equipment.
The user may find the following booklet, prepared by the Federal communications Commission, helpful: “How to Identify and 
Resolve Radio and TV Interference Problems”. This booklet is available from the U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington, 
DC. To meet FCC requirements, only peripherals (computer input/output devices, terminals, printers, etc.) certified to comply with 
Class B limits may be attached to this device. Operation with non-certified peripherals is likely to result in interference to radio and 
TV reception. To meet FCC requirements, shielded cables are required to connect the device to a personal computer, peripheral, or 
other Class B certified device.
This equipment complies with Part 68 of the FCC Rules and the requirements adopted by ACTA. On the back of this equipment is a 
label that contains a product identifier in the format US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. 
If requested, this information must be provided to your telephone company. This equipment uses the following USOC Jack: RJ11C. 
A plug and jack used to connect this equipment to the premises’ wiring and telephone network must comply with the applicable 
FCC Part 68 rules and requirements adopted by ACTA. A compliant telephone cord and modular plug is provided with this product. 
It is designed to be connected to a compatible modular jack that is also compliant.
See installation instructions for details.
The REN (Ringer Equivalence Number) is used to determine the number of devices that may connect to a telephone line. Excessive 
RENs on a telephone line may result in the devices not ringing in response to an incoming call. In most but not all areas, the sum 
of the RENs should not exceed five (5.0).
To be certain of the number of devices that may be connected to a line, as determined by the total RENs, contact your local 
telephone company. The REN for this product is part of the product identifier that has the format US: AAAEQ##TXXXX. The digits 
represented by ## are the REN without the decimal point (e.g., 03 is a REN of 0.3).
If this DIRECTV® Receiver causes harm to the telephone network, the telephone company will notify you in advance that temporary 
discontinuance of service may be required. But if advance notice isn’t practical, the telephone company will notify the customer as 
soon as possible. Also, you will be advised of your right to file a complaint with the FCC if you believe it is necessary.
The telephone company may make changes in its facilities, equipment, operations or procedures that could affect the proper 
functioning of your equipment. If they do, you will be notified in advance in order for you to make necessary modifications to 
135
