This radio transmitter (FCC ID: SWX-PBE5M) has been approved by FCC 
to operate with the antenna types listed below with the maximum 
permissible gain and required antenna impedance for each antenna type 
indicated. Antenna types not included in this list, having a gain greater 
than the maximum gain indicated for that type, are strictly prohibited for 
use with this device.
Antenna Information: Dish antenna, Gain: 22 dBi
Industry Canada
CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B)
To reduce potential radio interference to other users, the antenna 
type and its gain should be so chosen that the equivalent isotropically 
radiated power (e.i.r.p.) is not more than that permitted for successful 
communication.
This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard(s). 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 
1.  This device may not cause interference, and 
2.  This device must accept any interference, including interference that 
may cause undesired operation of the device.
This radio transmitter (IC: 6545A-PBE5M) has been approved by Industry 
Canada to operate with the antenna types listed below with the maximum 
permissible gain and required antenna impedance for each antenna type 
indicated. Antenna types not included in this list, having a gain greater 
than the maximum gain indicated for that type, are strictly prohibited for 
use with this device.
Antenna Information: Dish antenna, Gain: 22 dBi
CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B)
Pour réduire le risque d’interférence aux autres utilisateurs, le type 
d’antenne et son gain doivent être choisies de façon que la puissance 
isotrope rayonnée équivalente (PIRE) ne dépasse pas ce qui est nécessaire 
pour une communication réussie. 
Cet appareil est conforme à la norme RSS Industrie Canada exempts de 
licence norme(s). Son fonctionnement est soumis aux deux conditions 
suivantes:
1.  Cet appareil ne peut pas provoquer d’interférences et 
2.  Cet appareil doit accepter toute interférence, y compris les 
interférences qui peuvent causer un mauvais fonctionnement du 
dispositif.
