Chapter 6 Wireless Tab 
NOTE:  MAXtream  Technology  is  only  compatible  with  Pharos  series  products. 
You cannot connect other Wi-Fi devices to an AP with MAXtream enabled. 
MAXtream Station Mode 
This  setting  is  available  in  Client  and  Bridge  mode  and  in  the  AP  Client  Router 
mode when the wireless AP settings is disabled. 
For  client  devices  connected  to  a  root  AP  with  MAXtream  enabled,  you  can 
choose “Latency First” or “Throughput First” mode to better fit your application.  
For  example,  VoIP  has  a  high  demand  for  low  latency.  If  you  need  a  good 
experience for VoIP, you can select Latency First. Games and downloads ask for 
high  throughput.  You  should  select  Throughput  First  to  guarantee  the  high 
throughput for the games and downloads.  Please choose Auto Adjust if you are 
not sure or you have no special requirements. 
Wireless Client Settings 
When this device is configured in the modes of Client, Repeater, Bridge and AP Client Router, the function 
of wireless client settings is available.  
SSID of AP 
MAC of AP 
WDS 
You  can  enter  the  SSID  of  the  specific  AP  manually  to  connect  to  it  or  directly 
survey all the APs around by clicking Survey. 
Displays the MAC address of the root AP. It’s possible that two or more networks 
use the same SSID in the AP list. Lock to AP can make the device connect to the 
specified AP you had connected before the next time. 
WDS (Wireless Distribution System) is a communication system among multiple 
local  area  networks  established  between  APs  through  wireless 
wireless 
connection.  In  this  system,  only  data  frames  with  four  address  fields  can  be 
transparently forwarded at  the link layer. In a  WDS  network, it  is necessary that 
the  root  AP  supports  forwarding  of  data  frames  four  address  fields.  If  not,  only 
data frames with the ARP/IP/PPPOE protocol can be forwarded among APs. 
  Enable – Forward data frames to use four address fields. 
  Disable – Forward data frames to use three address fields. 
- 60 - 
