< TP-Link Technologies Co., Ltd.> 
<Building 24 (floors 1,3,4,5) and 28 (floors1-4), Central 
Science and Technology Park,Nanshan Shenzhen, 
518057 China> 
Operation Description 
SOFTWARE SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR U-NII DEVICES 
Federal Communication Commission 
Equipment Authorization Division, Application Processing Branch 
7435 Oakland Mills Road 
Columbia, MD21048 
Date: <2020-02-18> 
Attn: Office of Engineering and Technology 
Subject: Attestation Letter regarding UNII devices 
FCC ID: TE7CPE710   
IC : 8853A-CPE710 
Software security questions and answers per KDB 594280 D02: 
SOFTWARE SECURITY DESCRIPTION 
General 
Description 
1.  Describe how any software/firmware 
updates for elements than can affect the 
device’s RF parameters will be obtained, 
downloaded, validated and installed. For 
software that is accessed through 
manufacturer’s website or device’s 
management system, describe the 
different levels of security as 
appropriate. 
2.  Describe the RF parameters that are 
modified by any software/firmware 
without any hardware changes. Are 
these parameters in some way limited 
such that any other software/firmware 
changes will not allow the device to 
exceed the authorized RF 
characteristics? 
3.  Describe in detail the authentication 
protocols that are in place to ensure that 
the source of the RF-related 
software/firmware is valid. Describe in 
detail how the RF-related software is 
protected against modification. 
1 
Software/firmware will be obtained by the factory, 
downloaded from the ODM website, and installed 
by the end user. 
Software is accessed through Web UI when 
computer is connected. 
The RF parameters cannot be modified by 
software. 
All these parameters will not exceed the 
authorized parameters. The firmware has been 
complied as binary file. It couldn’t change the 
setting RF parameter through this binary file. It is 
read-only without change. 
No any authentication protocol is used. The RF 
Parameters is put in read-only partition of EUT’s 
flash and are only installed in the factory. RF 
parameters including frequency of operation, 
power setting, modulation type, antenna types or 
country code setting will be locked in this 
partition. 
