< TP-Link Technologies Co., Ltd.> 
<Building 24 (floors 1,3,4,5) and 28 (floors1-4), Central 
Science and Technology Park,Nanshan Shenzhen, 
518057 China> 
4.  Describe in detail any encryption 
No encryption methods used. 
methods used to support the use of 
legitimate RF-related software/firmware. 
5.  For a device that can be configured as a 
master and client (with active or passive 
scanning),  explain  how 
ensures compliance for each mode? In 
the  device 
particular if the device acts as master in 
some band of operation and client in 
another;  how  is  compliance  ensured  in 
each band of operation? 
The device ensures the compliance by checking 
the configured parameter and operation values 
according to the regulatory domain and country 
code in each band.   
Third-Party 
Access 
Control 
1.  Explain if any third parties have the capability 
to operate a U.S.-sold device on any other 
regulatory domain, frequencies, or in any 
manner that may allow the device to operate in 
violation of the device’s authorization if 
activated in the U.S. 
2.  Describe, if the device permits third-party 
software or firmware installation, what 
mechanisms are provided by the manufacturer 
to permit integration of such functions while 
ensuring that the RF parameters of the device 
cannot be operated outside its authorization for 
operation in the U.S. In the description include 
what controls and/or agreements are in place 
with providers of third-party functionality to 
ensure the devices’ underlying RF parameters 
are unchanged and how the manufacturer 
verifies the functionality. 
No any third parties have the capability to 
operate a US sold device on any other 
regulatory domain, frequencies, or in any 
manner that may allow the device to 
operate in violation of the device’s 
authorization if activated in the U.S. 
The RF Parameters is put in read-only 
partition of EUT’s flash and are only 
installed in the factory. RF parameters 
including frequency of operation, power 
setting, modulation type, antenna types or 
country code setting will be locked in this 
partition. 
3.  For Certified Transmitter modular devices, 
This is not a module device. 
describe how the module grantee ensures that 
host manufacturers fully comply with these 
software security requirements for U-NII 
devices. If the module is controlled through 
driver software loaded in the host, describe 
how the drivers are controlled and managed 
such that the modular transmitter RF 
parameters are not modified outside the grant 
of authorization. 
SOFTWARE CONFIGURATION DESCRIPTION GUIDE   
For devices which have “User Interfaces” (UI) to configure the device in a manner that may 
impact the operational RF parameters, the following questions shall be answered by the 
applicant and the information included in the operational description. The description must 
2 
