Chapter 6 Wireless Tab 
  Auto – The system automatically detects whether root device supports data 
frames  with  the  format  of  three/four  address  fields,  giving  priority  to  the 
format of four address fields. The selection of Auto is recommended. 
Security Mode 
Select  the  security  mode  of  this  device.  To  access  the  wireless  network  of  root 
AP, the security mode should be set the same as that of root AP. 
  None - Select this option if the root AP has no encryption. At the moment, it’s 
no need to enter a password to access the wireless network of root AP. 
  WPA-PSK - Select this option if the security mode of the root AP is WPA-PSK. 
Enter  the  parameters  including  the  version  and  encryption  of  WPA  and  PSK 
key, which must coincide with those of the root AP. 
  WEP - Select this option if the security mode of the root AP is WEP. Enter the 
parameters  including  authentication  type,  key  format  and  WEP  key,  which 
must coincide with those of the root AP. 
Wireless AP Settings 
Wireless  AP  settings  are  only  available  in  the  modes  of  Access  Point,  Bridge,  AP  Router,  and  AP  Client 
Router. 
Wireless Radio 
Check  the  wireless  radio  box  to  enable  this  device  to  send  and  receive  the 
wireless signal. 
SSID 
Enter  a  character  string  no  more  than  32  characters  to  name  your  wireless 
network.  The  default  SSID  is  TP-LINK_Outdoor_xxxxxx  (xxxxxx  is  the  last  six 
characters of the MAC address of this device). We suggest you to set an easy-to-
remember SSID to conveniently identify your wireless network. 
Enable SSID Broadcast 
Check  this  option,  AP  will  broadcast  its  SSID  to  hosts  in  the  surrounding 
environment, as thus hosts can find the wireless network identified by this SSID. 
If  SSID  Broadcast  is  not  enabled,  hosts  must  enter  the  AP’s  SSID  manually  to 
connect to this AP. 
Security Mode 
Select the security mode of wireless network. If all the hosts are allowed to access 
the wireless network, please select None. For the safety of wireless network, you 
are  suggested  to  encrypt  your  wireless  network.  This  device  provides  three 
security  modes:  WPA  (Wi-Fi  Protected  Access),  WPA-PSK  (WPA  Pre-Shared  Key) 
and  WEP  (Wired  Equivalent  Privacy).  WPA-PSK  is  recommended.  Settings  vary  in 
different security modes as the details is in the following introduction. 
- 61 - 
