                                  RG-EW1200G PRO    1300M Dual-band Wireless Router 
2  Product Overview 
Ruijie Reyee RG-EW1200G PRO is a Gigabit dual-band wireless consumer router designed 
for one-story homes, villas, small shops, SOHO and other scenarios. The device can meet 
the needs of Gigabit Internet access with its excellent performance, while providing strong 
signals  and  coverage.  Integrated  with  Ruijie’s  exclusive  Reyee  Mesh  Technology,  it 
eliminates  the  configuration  difficulties  of  multi-device  networking  and  adding  new 
equipment  to  the  network.  The  simple  app  management  coupled  with  features  such  as 
children's Internet protection, gaming mode, and smart home Wi-Fi makes it a practical and 
easy-to-use wireless router for men, women and children. 
The  router  offers  1  10/100/1000Mbps  WAN  port  and  3  10/100/1000Mbps  LAN  ports,  with 
maximum  access  bandwidth  of  1000Mbps.  The  recommended  number  of  clients  is  64, 
including 32 wireless terminals. 
The device supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz, offering maximum wireless rate of 400Mbps at 
2.4G, 867Mbps at 5G and 1267Mbps per router. Equipped with the 802.11ac Wave2 chip, 
the device supports MU-MIMO, which can support more terminals, provide faster wireless 
speed  and  more  stable  connection,  thereby  improving  the  terminals’  Internet  access 
performance and users’ Internet experience. 
In addition to Ruijie’s Reyee Mesh Technology, the router also supports network deployment 
with  Ruijie  Reyee  Series  enterprise  gateways  and  APs  for  unified  management  and 
configuration.  No  matter  which  networking  method  is  used,  the  RF  adjustment  algorithm 
applied to millions of Ruijie enterprise-grade APs can provide seamless roaming between 
devices and fast switching between 2.4GHz and 5GHz. Users can move around the Wi-Fi 
coverage area without service interruption thanks to the seamless roaming.     
Collaborative management can be authorized to others temporarily or permanently. Local or 
remote management and configuration can be performed via various methods such as local 
web, Ruijie Cloud app, etc. to achieve fault diagnosis and maintenance, providing multi-end 
management  on  mobile  phone  and  PC  anytime  anywhere,  and  offering  worry-free 
maintenance.   
2 
