TP-Link Corporation Limited 
Request  for Confidentiality 
Date:  March 11, 2022 
Subject:  Confidentiality Request for: 2AXJ4EAP225V4 
Pursuant to FCC 47 CFR 0.457(d) and 0.459 and IC RSP-100, Section 12.4, the applicant requests that a part of the 
subject FCC application be held confidential.   
Type of Confidentiality Requested 
☐ Short Term 
☐ Short Term 
☐ Short Term 
☐ Short Term 
☐ Short Term 
☐ Short Term 
☐ Short Term 
☐ Short Term 
☐ Short Term 
☒ Permanent 
☐ Permanent *2 
☒ Permanent 
☐ Permanent 
☐ Permanent 
☒ Permanent 
☐ Permanent *3 
Exhibit 
Block Diagrams 
External Photos 
Internal Photos 
Operation Description/Theory of Operation 
Parts List & Placement/BOM 
Tune-Up Procedure 
Schematics 
Test Setup Photos 
User’s Manual 
TP-Link Corporation Limited has spent substantial effort in developing this product and it is one of the first of its 
kind in industry. Having the subject information easily available to "competition" would negate the advantage they 
have achieved by developing this product. Not protecting the details of the design will result in financial hardship.     
Permanent Confidentiality: 
The applicant requests the exhibits listed above as permanently confidential be permanently withheld from public 
review due to materials that contain trade secrets and proprietary information not customarily released to the public. 
Short-Term Confidentiality: 
The applicant requests the exhibits selected above as short term confidential be withheld from public view for a 
period of ___(specify number of days not to exceed 180)3___ days from the date of the Grant of Equipment 
Authorization and prior to marketing.  This is to avoid premature release of sensitive information prior to marketing 
or release of the product to the public.  Applicant is also aware that they are responsible to notify ACB in the event 
information regarding the product or the product is made available to the public before the requested period has 
expired.  ACB will then release the documents listed above for public disclosure pursuant to FCC Public Notice DA 
04-1705. 
NOTE for Industry Canada Applications: 
IC currently only distinguishes Permanent Confidentiality exhibits as shown above.  Short Term confidentiality is not 
considered applicable to IC applications. 
Sincerely, 
By: 
_ Regulatory Compliance Manager _ 
             (Signature/Title4)  
Abby Liang 
(Print name) 
2 -  The asterisked items (*) require further information to be provided to ACB before permanent confidentiality will be extended to these 
exhibits.  Please refer to FCC KDB 726920 and the specific Document link for D01 found at: 
https://apps.fcc.gov/oetcf/kdb/forms/FTSSearchResultPage.cfm?switch=P&id=41731 and review section II, 3) regarding specific 
information that must accompany these requests.   
3  - Please refer to https://acbcert.com/documents/misc-docs/Memo-Short-Term-Vs-Standard-Confidentiality.pdf   for complete details.   
4  - Must be signed by applicant contact given for applicant on the FCC site, or by the authorized agent if an appropriate authorized agent 
letter has been provided.  Letters should be placed on appropriate letterhead. 
030122 – 15 
