Beacon Interval
Specify  the  beacon  interval  for  the  device.  Beacons  are  transmitted 
periodically by the device to announce the presence of a wireless network 
for the clients. Beacon Interval value determines the time interval of the 
beacons sent by the device. Specify a value from 40 to 1,000. The default 
value is 100.
RTS Threshold
Specify the RTS threshold for the device.
RTS/CTS  (Request  to  Send/Clear  to  Send)  is  used  to  improve  the  data 
transmission efficiency of the network with hidden nodes, especially when 
there are lots of large packets to be transmitted.
When the size of a data packet is larger than the RTS Threshold, the RTS/
CTS mechanism will be activated. With this mechanism activated, before 
sending a data packet, the client will send an RTS packet to the device to 
request data transmitting. And then the device will send CTS packet to 
inform other clients to delay their data transmitting. In this way, packet 
collisions can be avoided.
For  a  busy  network  with  hidden  nodes,  a  low  threshold  value  will  help 
reduce interference and packet collisions. But for a not-so-busy network, a 
too low threshold value will cause bandwidth wasting and reduce the data 
throughput. The recommended and default value is 2346 bytes.
Specify the fragmentation threshold for packets.
The fragmentation function can limit the size of packets transmitted over 
the network. If the size of a packet exceeds the Fragmentation Threshold, 
the fragmentation function is activated and the packet will be fragmented 
into several packets.
Fragmentation helps improve network performance if properly configured. 
However, a too low fragmentation threshold may result in poor wireless 
performance caused by the extra work of dividing up and reassembling of 
frames and increased message traffic. The recommended and default value 
is 2346 bytes.
Fragmentation 
Threshold
DTIM Interval
Specify  the  DTIM  (Delivery  Traffic  Indication  Message)  Interval  for  the 
device.
The DTIM is contained in some Beacon frames. It indicates whether the 
device has buffered data for client devices. The (cid:39)(cid:55)(cid:44)(cid:48)(cid:3)(cid:51)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:71) indicates how 
often the clients served by this device should check for buffered data still 
on the device awaiting pickup.
Specify  the  value  between  1-255  Beacon  Intervals.  The  default  value 
is  1,  indicating  that  clients  check  for  buffered  data  at  every  beacon. 
An  excessive  DTIM  interval  may  reduce  the  performance  of  multicast 
applications, so we recommend you keep the default value.
104
