AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
3 Logging In to the AP
NOTE
You can run the quit command to exit from the Telnet window. When the system fails to exit from the
Telnet window:
l If you logged in to the AP from an AC or a switch, press Ctrl+T to return to the AC or switch view.
This operation does not affect AP services.
l If you logged in to the AP from a PC, directly close the Telnet window. This operation does not affect
AP services.
3.4 Logging In to the AP Using a Web Client
Pre-configuration Tasks
Before configuring users to log in to the AP using HTTP, complete the following task:
Configure reachable routes between the terminal and the AP.
NOTE
l The web management system is enabled on the AP before delivery. The default IP address of the web
management system is 169.254.1.1 and the mask is 255.255.0.0. The web management system provides
a default user account, with the user name admin and password admin@huawei.com. You are advised
to change the user name and password on your first login. Assign your PC an IP address on the same
network segment as the default IP address of the web management system, and connect the PC to the
GE interface. Start the web browser on the PC and visit http://169.254.1.1 to log in to the web
management system.
l You can only log in to the FAT AP using the web platform.
Procedure
Step 1 Open a web browser on a PC, and enter the management address in the format of http://
169.254.1.1 in the address bar. Ensure that the PC and AC can communicate with each other.
Then press Enter. Set the language, user name, and password. The HTTPS login URL is
displayed in the address box indicating that the system has gone to the HTTPS login page.
NOTE
You can also enter https://IP address in the address box to log in to the AP using HTTPS. HTTPS ensures
security of login information during login and security of data exchanged during subsequent operations.
Step 2 Click Login or press Enter. The web system home page is displayed. You can manage and
maintain the equipment. For details, see the  Huawei Wireless Access Points Web-based
Configuration.
----End
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
34
