Maintenance 
(cid:122) 
(cid:122) 
If the device is not used for a long time, power it off, and then remove all the cables 
connected to it. 
If  any  exception  occurs,  for  example,  if  the  device  emits  any  smoke  or  unusual 
sound  or  smell,  stop  using  the  device  immediately,  power  it  off,  remove  all  the 
cables connected to it, and then contact an authorized service center. 
(cid:122)  Do not trample, pull, or overbend any cable. Otherwise, the cable may get damaged, 
causing malfunction of the device.  
(cid:122)  Before  cleaning  the  device,  stop  using  it,  power  it  off,  and  then  remove  all  the 
cables connected to it. 
(cid:122)  Use a clean, soft, and dry cloth to clean the device shell. Do not use any cleaning 
agent or spray to clean the device shell. 
Environmental Protection 
This symbol on the device (and any included batteries) indicates 
that  the  device  (and  any  included  batteries)  should  not  be 
disposed of as normal household garbage. Do not dispose of your 
device or batteries as unsorted municipal waste. The device (and 
any  batteries)  should  be  handed  over  to  a  certified  collection 
point for recycling or proper disposal at the end of its life. 
For more detailed information about the recycling of the device 
or batteries, contact your local city office, the household waste 
disposal  service,  or  the  retail  store  where  you  purchased  this 
device. 
The disposal of this device is subject to the Waste from Electrical 
and  Electronic  Equipment  (WEEE)  Directive  of  the  European 
Union.  The  purpose  for  separating  WEEE  and  batteries  from 
other waste is to minimize any environmental impact and health 
hazard due to the presence of hazardous substances. 
Reduction of Hazardous Substances 
This  device  is  compliant  with  the  EU  Registration,  Evaluation,  Authorisation  and 
Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) Regulation (Regulation No 1907/2006/EC of the 
European  Parliament  and  of  the  Council)  and  the  EU  Restriction  of  Hazardous 
Substances (RoHS) Directive (Directive 2002/95/EC of the European Parliament and 
of  the  Council).  For  more  information  about  the  REACH  compliance  of  the  device, 
visit the Web site www.huaweidevice.com/certification. You are recommended to visit 
the Web site regularly for up-to-date information. 
3 
