LIMITED 90-DAY WARRANTY
WHAT IS EXCLUDED?
Your warranty does NOT cover: 
Labor charges for installation or setup of the product. 
Installation, performance of, or repair of: audio/video cabling, telephone line, or accessory attachments used with the product.  
Product replacement because of misuse, accident, lightning damage, unauthorized repair, or other cause not within the control 
of DIRECTV. Incidental or consequential damages resulting from the product. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION 
OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Any modifications or 
other changes to the product, including but not limited to software or hardware modification in any way other than as expressly 
authorized by DIRECTV will void this limited warranty. Except in the case of hardware or software provided by DIRECTV, installing 
software modifications, “hacks” or utilizing service access or “back doors” will void this limited warranty.
Reception transmission problems caused by signal conditions, telephone line, or cable or antenna systems outside the unit. A 
product that has been modified or adapted to enable it to operate in any country other than the country for which it was designed, 
manufactured, approved and/or authorized, or repair of products damaged by these modifications. A product used for commercial 
or institutional purposes.
DIRECTV makes no warranty that the access connection will be a local (not long distance) phone call. 
The continued provisioning of any of the programming and other services delivered through the Receiver including but not limited 
to television programming, show information, Program Guide data, and scheduling information.
MAKE SURE YOU KEEP...
Please keep your receipt or other document showing proof of acquisition. Attach it to this User Guide (see page 10) and keep both 
nearby. Also keep the original box and packing material in case you need to return your product.
BEFORE REQUESTING REPAIR SERVICE...
Please check the troubleshooting section of this Guide. This may save you a call to DIRECTV Customer Care.
131
