Chapter 6 Wireless LAN
Table 12   Wireless LAN > Wireless Settings: Wireless Client (continued)
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
SSID Profile
The SSID (Service Set IDentifier) identifies the Service Set with which a wireless station is 
associated. Wireless stations associating to the access point (AP) must have the same 
SSID. 
In this field, select the SSID profile of the AP you want to use. Click Apply. 
The SSID used in the selected SSID profile automatically changes to be the one you select 
in the Site Survey screen.
Set the security configuration for this operating mode in the Wireless LAN > Security 
screen. Check the Dashboard screen to check if the settings you set show in the WLAN 
information.
Note: If you are configuring the NWA1121-NI from a computer connected to the wireless LAN 
and you change the NWA1121-NI’s SSID or security settings, you will lose your 
wireless connection when you press Apply to confirm. You must then change the 
wireless settings of your computer to match the NWA1121-NI’s new settings.
Channel
This shows the operating frequency/channel in use. This field is read-only when you select 
Client as your operation mode. 
Channel Width 
A standard 20MHz channel offers transfer speeds of up to 150Mbps whereas a 40MHz 
channel uses two standard channels and offers speeds of up to 300Mbps. However, not all 
devices support 40MHz channels.
Select the channel bandwidth you want to use for your wireless network.
It is recommended that you select 20/40MHz. This allows the NWA1121-NI to adjust the 
channel bandwidth depending on network conditions.
Select 20MHz if you want to lessen radio interference with other wireless devices in your 
neighborhood or the AP do not support channel bonding.
Advanced Settings
Output Power 
Set the output power of the NWA1121-NI in this field. If there is a high density of APs in an 
area, decrease the output power of the NWA1121-NI to reduce interference with other APs. 
Select one of the following Full (Full Power), 50%, 25% or 12.5%. See the product 
specifications for more information on your NWA1121-NI’s output power.
Preamble Type
Select Dynamic to have the NWA1121-NI automatically use short preamble when the 
wireless network your NWA1121-NI is connected to supports it, otherwise the NWA1121-NI 
uses long preamble.
Select Long preamble if you are unsure what preamble mode the wireless device your 
NWA1121-NI is connected to supports, and to provide more reliable communications in 
busy wireless networks. 
RTS/CTS 
Threshold
(Request To Send) The threshold (number of bytes) for enabling RTS/CTS handshake. Data 
with its frame size larger than this value will perform the RTS/CTS handshake. Setting this 
attribute to be larger than the maximum MSDU (MAC service data unit) size turns off the 
RTS/CTS handshake. Setting this attribute to its smallest value (1) turns on the RTS/CTS 
handshake. 
Fragmentation
The threshold (number of bytes) for the fragmentation boundary for directed messages. It 
is the maximum data fragment size that can be sent.
Extension 
channel 
protection mode
You can use CTS to self or RTS-CTS protection mechanism to reduce conflicts with other 
wireless networks or hidden wireless clients. The throughput of RTS-CTS is much lower 
than CTS to self. Using this mode may decrease your wireless performance.
A-MPDU 
Aggregation 
Select to enable A-MPDU aggregation.
Message Protocol Data Unit (MPDU) aggregation collects Ethernet frames along with their 
802.11n headers and wraps them in a 802.11n MAC header. This method is useful for 
increasing bandwidth throughput in environments that are prone to high error rates.
68
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
