Field 
Description 
Control Sideband  Select Upper or Lower sideband when in 40GHz mode. 
802.11n Rate 
Set the physical transmission rate (PHY). 
802.11n 
Protection 
Turn Off for maximized throughput.     
Turn On for greater security. 
Support 802.11n 
Client Only 
Turn Off to allow 802.11b/g clients access to the router. 
Turn On to prohibit 802.11b/g clients access to the router. 
54g Rate 
Drop-down menu that specifies the following fixed rates:   
Auto: Default.    Uses the 11 Mbps data rate when possible but 
drops to lower rates when necessary.    1 Mbps, 2Mbps, 
5.5Mbps, or 11Mbps fixed rates.    The appropriate setting is 
dependent on signal strength. 
Multicast Rate 
Setting for multicast packet transmit rate (1-54 Mbps) 
Basic Rate 
Setting for basic transmission rate. 
Fragmentation 
Threshold 
RTS Threshold 
DTIM Interval 
Beacon Interval 
A threshold, specified in bytes, that determines whether 
packets will be fragmented and at what size.    On an 802.11 
WLAN, packets that exceed the fragmentation threshold are 
fragmented, i.e., split into, smaller units suitable for the circuit 
size.    Packets smaller than the specified fragmentation 
threshold value are not fragmented.    Enter a value between 
256 and 2346. If you experience a high packet error rate, try to 
slightly increase your Fragmentation Threshold.    The value 
should remain at its default setting of 2346.    Setting the 
Fragmentation Threshold too low may result in poor 
performance. 
Request to Send, when set in bytes, specifies the packet size 
beyond which the WLAN Card invokes its RTS/CTS mechanism.   
Packets that exceed the specified RTS threshold trigger the 
RTS/CTS mechanism.    The NIC transmits smaller packet 
without using RTS/CTS.    The default setting of 2347 
(maximum length) disables RTS Threshold. 
Delivery Traffic Indication Message (DTIM) is also known as 
Beacon Rate.    The entry range is a value between 1 and 
65535. A DTIM is a countdown variable that informs clients of 
the next window for listening to broadcast and multicast 
messages.    When the AP has buffered broadcast or multicast 
messages for associated clients, it sends the next DTIM with a 
DTIM Interval value.    AP Clients hear the beacons and awaken 
to receive the broadcast and multicast messages.    The default 
is 1. 
The amount of time between beacon transmissions in 
milliseconds.    The default is 100 ms and the acceptable range 
is 1 – 65535.    The beacon transmissions identify the presence 
of an access point.    By default, network devices passively scan 
all RF channels listening for beacons coming from access 
points.    Before a station enters power save mode, the station 
needs the beacon interval to know when to wake up to receive 
the beacon (and learn whether there are buffered frames at the 
access point).     
Global Max Clients  The maximum number of clients that can connect to the router. 
78 
