from  you  under  this  License.    If  your  rights  have  been  terminated  and  not  permanently  reinstated,  you  do  not  qualify  to 
receive new licenses for the same material under section 10.
9. Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies. 
You  are  not  required  to  accept  this  License  in  order  to  receive  or  run  a  copy  of  the  Program.    Ancillary  propagation  of  a 
covered  work  occurring  solely  as  a  consequence  of  using  peer-to-peer  transmission  to  receive  a  copy  likewise  does  not 
require acceptance.  However, nothing other than this License grants you permission to propagate or modify any covered 
work.  These actions infringe copyright if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by modifying or propagating a covered 
work, you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so.
10. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.
Each time you convey a covered work, the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensors, to run, modify 
and propagate that work, subject to this License.  You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with this 
License.
An “entity transaction” is a transaction transferring control of an organization, or substantially all assets of one, or subdividing 
an organization, or merging organizations.  If propagation of a covered work results from an entity transaction, each party 
to that transaction who receives a copy of the work also receives whatever licenses to the work the party’s predecessor in 
interest had or could give under the previous paragraph, plus a right to possession of the Corresponding Source of the work 
from the predecessor in interest, if the predecessor has it or can get it with reasonable efforts.
You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise of the rights granted or affirmed under this License.  For example, 
you may not impose a license fee, royalty, or other charge for exercise of rights granted under this License, and you may not 
initiate litigation (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that any patent claim is infringed by making, 
using, selling, offering for sale, or importing the Program or any portion of it.
D-Link DAP-1330 User Manual
57
