Option  Description 
Log   
Log 
Level 
Indicates whether the system is currently recording events.    The user 
can enable or disable event logging.    By default, it is disabled.    To 
enable it, select the Enable radio button and then click Apply/Save.     
Allows you to configure the event level and filter out unwanted events 
below this level.    The events ranging from the highest critical level 
“Emergency” down to this configured level will be recorded to the log 
buffer on the CT-5374 SDRAM.    When the log buffer is full, the newer 
event will wrap up to the top of the log buffer and overwrite the old event. 
By default, the log level is “Debugging”, which is the lowest critical level.   
The log levels are defined as follows: 
•  Emergency = system is unusable 
•  Alert = action must be taken immediately 
•  Critical = critical conditions 
•  Error = Error conditions 
•  Warning = normal but significant condition 
•  Notice= normal but insignificant condition 
• 
•  Debugging = debug-level messages 
Informational= provides information for reference 
Emergency is the most serious event level, whereas Debugging is the 
least important.    For instance, if the log level is set to Debugging, all the 
events from the lowest Debugging level to the most critical level 
Emergency level will be recorded.    If the log level is set to Error, only 
Error and the level above will be logged. 
Display 
Level 
Allows the user to select the logged events and displays on the View 
System Log window for events of this level and above to the highest 
Emergency level. 
Mode 
Allows you to specify whether events should be stored in the local 
memory, or be sent to a remote system log server, or both 
simultaneously.    If remote mode is selected, view system log will not be 
able to display events saved in the remote system log server.     
When either Remote mode or Both mode is configured, the WEB UI will 
prompt the user to enter the Server IP address and Server UDP port. 
STEP 3:  Click View System Log.    The results are displayed as follows. 
85 
