Chapter 5 Network Tab 
your Internet connection is expected to remain active all the time, enter 0 in 
the  Idle  Time  field.  Users  those  pay  by  time  for  their  Internet  access  can 
choose this mode to save their Internet-access fee. 
NOTE: Sometimes the connection cannot be disconnected although you specify 
a time to Idle Time (0~99 minutes) because some applications visit the Internet 
continually in the background. 
  Automatic  -  Connect  automatically  after  the  device  is  disconnected.  Users 
those are charged a flat monthly fee can choose this mode. 
  Manual  -  You  can  configure  the  device  to  make  it  connect  or  disconnect 
manually.  After  a  specified  period  of  inactivity  (Idle  Time),  the  device  will 
disconnect  your  Internet  connection,  and  you  must  click  Connect  manually 
to access the Internet again. If you want your Internet connection to remain 
active all the times, enter 0 in the Idle Time field. Otherwise, enter the desired 
Idle  Time  in  minutes  you  wish  to  use.  Users  those  pay  by  time  for  their 
Internet access can choose this mode to save their Internet-access fee. 
Secondary Connection 
If your ISP provides a Connection type such as Dynamic/Static IP to connect to a 
local area network, you can activate this secondary connection. 
  Dynamic  IP  -  Use  dynamic  IP  address  to  connect  to  the  local  area  network 
provided by ISP. 
  Static IP - Use static IP address to connect to the local area network provided 
by ISP. 
MTU Size 
The  default  MTU  (Maximum  Transmission  Unit)  size  is  1460  bytes  in  L2TP  and 
1420  bytes  in  PPTP,  which  is  usually  fine.  For  some  ISPs,  you  need  modify  the 
MTU. This should not be done unless you are sure it is necessary for your ISP. 
WAN MAC Address 
This  field  displays  the  current  MAC  address  of  the  WAN  port,  which  is  used  for 
the WAN port. If your ISP requires that you register the MAC address, please enter 
the correct MAC address into this field. The format for the MAC Address is XX-XX-
XX-XX-XX-XX (X is any hexadecimal digit). Click Restore Factory MAC to restore 
the MAC address of WAN port to the factory default value. 
Your PC’s MAC Address 
This field displays the MAC address of the PC that is managing the router. If the 
MAC  address  is  required,  you  can  click  Clone  PC’s  MAC  to  set  the  WAN  MAC 
address the same as your management PC’s MAC. 
Click Connect to connect immediately. Click Disconnect to disconnect immediately. You can check and 
control the status of WAN connection on Monitor > Dynamic WAN page. 
- 43 - 
