Federal Communication Commission Interference Statement 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC
Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation.
This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the
instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not
occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be
determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one of the following measures:




Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
FCC Caution: Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to 
operate this equipment.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful 
interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
This device and its antenna must not be co-located or operation in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 
IMPORTANT: Exposure to Radio Frequency Radiation.
40 cm is required between the antenna and radiating structures of the device and nearby persons to apply mobile device exposurel imits.
20 cm is required between the antenna and radiating structures of the device and nearby persons to apply mobile device exposurel imits.
20 cm minimum distance has to be maintained between the antenna and the occupational user. Under such 
13 cm minimum distance has to be maintained between the antenna and the occupational user and 28 cm to general public. Under such 
The device has been evaluated to meet general RF exposure requirements. The device can be used in fixed/mobile exposure condition.
configuration, the FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an population/uncontrolled environment can be satisfied.
Antenna Installation. WARNING: It is installer's responsibility to ensure that when using the authorized antennas in the United States (or 
where FCC rules apply); only those antennas certified with the product are used.
where FCC rules apply); only those antennas certified with the product are used. The use of any antenna other than those certified with the 
Professional installation is required of equipment with connectors to ensure 
antennas, according to country regulations and per antenna type. Professional installation is required of equipment with connectors to ensure 
compliance with health and safety issues. 
FCC ID: TV7LHG2ND 
Industry Canada
This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard(s). Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device 
may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the 
device. 
Radio Frequency Exposure Statement for IC: The device has been evaluated to meet general RF exposure requirements. The device can be 
used in mobile exposure conditions. The min separation distance is 40cm.  
used in mobile exposure conditions. The min separation distance is 20cm.  
Le présent appareil est conforme aux CNR d'Industrie Canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. L'exploitation est autorisée 
aux deux conditions suivantes : (1) l'appareil ne doit pas produire de brouillage, et (2) l'utilisateur de l'appareil doit accepter tout brouillage 
radioélectrique subi, même si le brouillage est susceptible d'en compromettre le fonctionnement. 
Déclaration d'exposition à la radiofréquence pour IC: L'appareil a été évalué pour répondre aux exigences générales d'exposition aux 
radiofréquences. L'appareil peut être utilisé dans des conditions d'exposition mobiles. La distance de séparation min est de 20 cm.. 
radiofréquences. L'appareil peut être utilisé dans des conditions d'exposition mobiles. La distance de séparation min est de 40 cm.
IC: 7442A-LHG2ND
See https://www.mikrotik.com/ for more information or contact support@mikrotik.com
24-Aug-17
