 Chapter 6 Wireless LAN
TERM
Roaming
Antenna
DESCRIPTION
If you have two or more NWAs (or other wireless access points) on your wireless 
network, you can enable this option so that wireless devices can change locations 
without having to log in again. This is useful for devices, such as notebooks, that 
move around a lot.
An antenna couples Radio Frequency (RF) signals onto air. A transmitter within a 
wireless device sends an RF signal to the antenna, which propagates the signal 
through the air. The antenna also operates in reverse by capturing RF signals from 
the air. 
Positioning the antennas properly increases the range and coverage area of a wireless 
LAN. 
6.10.2  WMM QoS
WMM (Wi-Fi MultiMedia) QoS (Quality of Service) ensures quality of service in wireless networks. It 
controls WLAN transmission priority on packets to be transmitted over the wireless network.
WMM QoS prioritizes wireless traffic according to the delivery requirements of the individual and 
applications. WMM QoS is a part of the IEEE 802.11e QoS enhancement to certified Wi-Fi wireless 
networks.
On APs without WMM QoS, all traffic streams are given the same access priority to the wireless 
network. If the introduction of another traffic stream creates a data transmission demand that 
exceeds the current network capacity, then the new traffic stream reduces the throughput of the 
other traffic streams.
The NWA uses WMM QoS to prioritize traffic streams according to the IEEE 802.1q or DSCP 
information in each packet’s header. The NWA automatically determines the priority to use for an 
individual traffic stream. This prevents reductions in data transmission for applications that are 
sensitive to latency and jitter (variations in delay).
6.10.2.1  WMM QoS Priorities
The following table describes the WMM QoS priority levels that the NWA uses.
Table 25   WMM QoS Priorities
Priority Level
description
voice
(WMM_VOICE)
video
(WMM_VIDEO)
best effort
(WMM_BESTEFFORT)
background
(WMM_BACKGROUND)
Typically used for traffic that is especially sensitive to jitter. Use this priority to 
reduce latency for improved voice quality.
Typically used for traffic which has some tolerance for jitter but needs to be 
prioritized over other data traffic.
Typically used for traffic from applications or devices that lack QoS capabilities. Use 
best effort priority for traffic that is less sensitive to latency, but is affected by long 
delays, such as Internet surfing.
This is typically used for non-critical traffic such as bulk transfers and print jobs 
that are allowed but that should not affect other applications and users. Use 
background priority for applications that do not have strict latency and throughput 
requirements.
NWA1000 Series User’s Guide
85
