All other non-permissive additional terms are considered “further restrictions” within the meaning of section 10.  If the Program 
as you received it, or any part of it, contains a notice stating that it is governed by this License along with a term that is a 
further restriction, you may remove that term.  If a license document contains a further restriction but permits relicensing 
or conveying under this License, you may add to a covered work material governed by the terms of that license document, 
provided that the further restriction does not survive such relicensing or conveying.
If you add terms to a covered work in accord with this section, you must place, in the relevant source files, a statement of the 
additional terms that apply to those files, or a notice indicating where to find the applicable terms.
Additional  terms,  permissive  or  non-permissive,  may  be  stated  in  the  form  of  a  separately  written  license,  or  stated  as 
exceptions; the above requirements apply either way.
8. Termination.
You may not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt otherwise to 
propagate or modify it is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License (including any patent licenses 
granted under the third paragraph of section 11).
However,  if  you  cease  all  violation  of  this  License,  then  your  license  from  a  particular  copyright  holder  is  reinstated  (a) 
provisionally, unless and until the copyright holder explicitly and finally terminates your license, and (b) permanently, if the 
copyright holder fails to notify you of the violation by some reasonable means prior to 60 days after the cessation.
Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the 
violation by some reasonable means, this is the first time you have received notice of violation of this License (for any work) 
from that copyright holder, and you cure the violation prior to 30 days after your receipt of the notice.
Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the licenses of parties who have received copies or rights 
D-Link DAP-1330 User Manual
56
