network operator. 
Step 3  Check whether the LAN indicator of the terminal is on. 
If the LAN indicator is off, perform further checks as follows: 
1.  Ensure that the network adapter of the computer is enabled. 
2.  Ensure that the network cable between the terminal and the computer 
is properly connected. Remove and then insert the network cable or 
replace the network cable when necessary. 
If the LAN indicator is still off, contact an authorized maintenance center.
Step 4  Check  whether  the  driver  for  the  network  adapter  is  properly  installed. 
Take a computer that runs Windows XP as an example. To check whether 
the driver for the network adapter is installed, do as follows: 
1.  On the desktop, right-click My Computer, and then choose Manage.
2.  In  the  navigation  tree  of  the  Computer  Management  window, 
choose Device Manager. 
3.  In  the  right  pane  of  the  Computer  Management  window,  click 
Network adapters to view the information about the network adapter 
of the computer. 
If no network adapter is found or if a question mark (?) or an exclamation 
mark (!) is displayed next to the icon of the network adapter, you can infer 
that  the  driver  for  the  network  adapter  is  not  properly  installed.  In  this 
case, re-install the driver for the network adapter of the computer. 
Step 5  Ensure that you have entered the correct user name and user password that 
are required by the PPP dial-up software. 
The  user  name  and  the  user  password  are  provided  by  your  network 
operator. 
Step 6  Check whether you can use the PPP dial-up software to dial successfully.
If you cannot use the PPP dial-up software to dial successfully, perform 
further checks as follows: 
1.  Stop the PPP dial-up software and then power off the terminal. After 
five  minutes,  power  on  the  terminal,  and  then  use  the  PPP  dial-up 
software to dial again. 
2.  Restore the default settings of the terminal. 
If the problem persists, contact your network operator. 
Step 7  Check  whether  the  proxy  server  of  the  Web  browser  is  correctly 
configured. Take the Internet Explorer installed on a computer that runs 
Windows XP as an example. To check whether the proxy server of the 
Web browser is correctly configured, do as follows: 
1.  Launch the Internet Explorer. 
2.  Choose Tools > Internet Options. 
17 
