HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
Configuring the wireless network 
6 Configuring the wireless network 
If a wireless network adapter is installed on your computer, you can connect your 
computer to the HG655b through a wireless connection. 
There are two methods to configure the wireless network connection to enable the Wi-Fi 
function of the HG655b: 
nfiguring the Wireless Connection by the Web 
6.1 Co
Page 
To configure the wireless network connection by configuring the web page, do a
follows: 
s 
Step 1 
Set the wireless network name and access password
authentication type WPA-PSK as an example): 
 of the HG655b (taking the 
asic > LAN. 
b-based configuration utility. 
1.  Log in to the We
2.  In the navigation tree on the left, choose B
3.  Select WLAN. 
4.  Select the Enable WLAN option button. 
5.  Enter a wireless network name in the SSID text box. 
6.  Select WPA-PSK from the Security drop-down combo box. 
7. 
8.  Select TKIP from the WPA encryp
default settings of other parameters. 
Enter an access password in the WPA
tion
 pre-shared Key text box. 
 drop-down combo box, and keep the 
9.  Click Submit to save the settings. 
Step 2 
Configure the wireless network connection on your computer (taking the Windows 
operating system as an example): 
XP 
1.  Choose Start > All Programs > Accessories > Communications > Network 
2. 
Connections. 
In the Network Connect
to display a shortcut menu, and then select View Available Wireless Networks 
from the shortcut menu. 
ions window, right-click Wireless Network Connection 
3.  Select the wireless network that is configured in Step 1 from the wireless network lis
t, 
and then click Connect
 in the lower right corner of the window. 
4.  In the displayed dialog box, enter the access password that is preset in Step 1, and 
then click Connect. 
After the password is verified, Connect
the wireless network list, which indicates that your computer is connected to the 
HG655b through wireless connection. 
ed appears on the icon of the wireless network in 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
6-1 
