AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
The meaning of the label in Figure 5-93 is as follows:
l On the loaded cabinet side, the label "A01/B08--48V2" on the cable indicates that the cable
is -48 V DC supply, which is from the eighth connector in row B of -48 V bus bar in the
cabinet in row A, and column 1 in the equipment room.
l On the distribution box side, the label "B03--48V2" indicates that the cable is -48 V DC
supply, connected to DC power socket 2 in row B, column 03 in the equipment room.
NOTE
In the power distribution box or the first power cabinet of a row in a transmission equipment room, every
terminal block on the -48 V connector bar has a numeric identification. For example, in the above label of
"A01/B08--48V2", "08" (or sometimes "8") is the numeric identification of the terminal block.
PGND and BGND are two copper bars, on which the terminal blocks are short-circuited.
Therefore, it makes no difference which terminal is connected to them. It is only necessary to
give the row and column of the power distribution box, instead of giving the specific serial
number of the terminal block on the copper bar. For example, if the label on the loaded cabinet
side is "A01-BGND", it means that the power cable is a BGND that connects BGND copper bar
in the power distribution box in row A, column 01 in the machine room. Information on the
labels for PGND cables should be given in a similar way.
Engineering Labels for AC Power Cables
These labels are affixed to both ends of an AC power cable that provides AC power supply to
cabinets, including 110/220 V, PGND, and BGND cables. The 110/220 V AC cables and related
PGND and BGND cables are covered with an insulating sheath, so the labels need to contain
only the word "AC" and the cabinet numbers.
The labels for AC power cables are affixed to one side of the identification plates on cable ties.
For details, see Table 5-27.
Table 5-27 Label content
Content
Meaning
MN-(B)-ACn
MN: serial number of the cabinet or the socket where the power is led in
B: chassis number, numbered in bottom-up order with two digits, for
example, 01.
n: power port number, numbered as 1 to 3 in bottom-up and left-to-right
order.
Serial number of the socket where the power is led in: the location of the
socket is marked according to the actual situation. If the sockets can be
identified by row numbers and column numbers, they can be numbered
following the same rule for the cabinets. If the sockets cannot be identified
by rows and columns, specify the detailed locations to avoid confusion
with other sockets.
The label only carries location information about the opposite equipment and the power socket;
information about the local end is unnecessary.
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
109
