4.4  Verify Device Functionality and Test Network Coverage
1. Check LEDs
  The  LED should be solid white. If it is flashing orange, the firmware is automatically upgrading and the  
             LED should turn green when the upgrade is completed (normally in under thirty minutes). 
  Note: Your MR52 must have an active route to the Internet to check and upgrade its firmware.  
2. Verify access point connectivity 
  Use any 802.11 client device to connect to the MR52 and verify proper connectivity using the client’s web browser. 
3. Check network coverage 
  Confirm that you have good signal strength throughout your coverage area. You can use the signal strength meter  
  on a laptop, smart phone, or other wireless device.
5  Troubleshooting
Reference the Meraki knowledge base at http://meraki.com/support/knowledge_base for additional information and  
troubleshooting tips.
6  Regulatory
FCC Compliance Statement
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This de-
vice   may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference  
that may cause undesired operation.
FCC Interference Statement
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of  
the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residen-
tial  
installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in 
ac cordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no
guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference  
to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged  
to correct the interference by one of the following measures:
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
• Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from which the receiver is connected.
• Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for  help.
FCC Caution
Any changes or modifications no expressly approved by Meraki could void the user’s authority to operate this 
equipment. This Transmitter must not be co-located or operation in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. This equipment  
should be installed and operated with minimum distance 24 cm between the radiator and your body. This transmitter  
must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
IEEE 802.11b or 802.11g operation of this product in the USA is firmware-limited to channels 1 through 11.
23
