3.  Explanation of the degree to which the information is commercial or financial, or contains a trade 
secret or is privileged: 
This material includes a detailed theory of operation, circuit diagrams, (schematic diagrams) and any 
detail Parts List.  As such, this material is treated as highly confidential business information. 
4.  Explanation of the degree to which the information concerns a service that is subject to 
competition: 
The material for which confidentiality is sought is employed in the design and manufacture of this 
transmitting equipment that is offered on a highly competitive basis.  Customers for this equipment have 
a variety of competing sources. 
5.  Explanation of how disclosure of the information could result in substantial competitive harm: 
Disclosure would, in effect, give away the fruits of the labors of Mikrotik engineering personnel, who 
have designed the equipment and the manufacturing process.  Disclosure would also offer competitors 
additional unwarranted insight into the state of the product development, thereby allowing competitors 
an advantage, not available to Mikrotikls SIA 
6.  Identification of any measures taken by the submitting party to prevent unauthorized disclosure: 
The information for which confidential treatment is sought is kept confidential by Mikrotikls SIA and 
not made available to third parties except pursuant to non-disclosure agreements. 
7.  Identification of whether the information is available to the public and the extent of any previous 
disclosure of the information to third parties: 
To the knowledge of those preparing this application, the information has not been disclosed publicly 
heretofore.  While the general theory of operation of this equipment has been the subject of numerous 
disclosures in industry and standards groups as well as in rule making proceedings of the FCC, the 
protection sought is narrowly drawn and pertains to certain specific implementations of this radio 
technology.  
8.  Justification of the period during which the submitting party asserts that the material should not 
be available for public disclosure: 
This material should not be disclosed for at least 25 years.  While improvements in design are made 
relatively frequently, disclosure of the design information would lead to insights into both design and 
manufacturing techniques that could have an adverse competitive effect for many years to come.  As 
such, it is important that the design not be made available to unauthorized persons who might attempt to 
use knowledge of the design to compromise the applications for which the equipment will be employed. 
Should you require any further information, please contact the undersigned. 
Thank you for your consideration in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
Scot Rogers 
