 DHCP Server with vendor-specific options
Aruba Networks, in compliance with governmental requirements, has designed the 530 Series access points so 
that only authorized network administrators can change the settings. For more information about access point 
configuration, refer to the Access Point Software Quick Start Guide.
Identifying Specific Installation Locations
Use the access point placement map generated by Aruba RF Plan software application to determine the proper 
installation location(s). Each location should be as close as possible to the center of the intended coverage area 
and should be free from obstructions or obvious sources of interference. These RF absorbers/reflectors/
interference sources will impact RF propagation and should be accounted for during the planning phase and 
adjusted for in RF plan.
Identifying Known RF Absorbers/Reflectors/Interference Sources
Identifying known RF absorbers, reflectors, and interference sources while in the field during the installation 
phase is critical. Make sure that these sources are taken into consideration when you attach an access point to its 
fixed location.
RF absorbers include:
 Cement/concrete—Old concrete has high levels of water dissipation, which dries out the concrete, allowing 
for potential RF propagation. New concrete has high levels of water concentration in the concrete, blocking 
RF signals.
 Natural Items—Fish tanks, water fountains, ponds, and trees
 Brick
RF reflectors include:
 Metal Objects—Metal pans between floors, rebar, fire doors, air conditioning/heating ducts, mesh windows, 
blinds, chain link fences (depending on aperture size), refrigerators, racks, shelves, and filing cabinets.
 Do not place an access point between two air conditioning/heating ducts. Make sure that access points are 
placed below ducts to avoid RF disturbances.
RF interference sources include:
 Microwave ovens and other 2.4 or 5 GHz objects (such as cordless phones)
 Cordless headset such as those used in call centers or lunch rooms
RF Radiation Exposure Statement: This equipment complies with RF radiation exposure limits. This equipment 
should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 13.78 inches (35cm) between the radiator and 
your body for 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz operations. This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction 
with any other antenna or transmitter. 
Déclaration sur les limites d'exposition aux radiofréquences : cet équipement est conforme aux limites 
d'exposition aux rayonnements radioélectriques spécifiées. Il doit être installé et utilisé à une distance minimale 
de 35 cm par rapport à votre corps pour les fréquences de 2,4 et 5 GHz. Cet émetteur-récepteur ne doit pas être 
utilisé ou situé à proximité d'autres antennes ou émetteurs-récepteurs. 
Portable RF communications equipment (including peripherals such as antenna cables and external antennas) 
should be used no closer than 30 cm (12 inches) to any part of the access point. Otherwise, degradation of the 
performance of this equipment could result.
!
!
Aruba 530 Series Campus Access Points | Installation Guide
7
