•  The public IP address assigned by the remote side using the PPP/IPCP 
protocol is actually not used on the WAN PPP interface.    Instead, it is 
forwarded to the PC LAN interface through DHCP.    Only one PC on the 
LAN can be connected to the remote, since the DHCP server within the 
device has only a single IP address to assign to a LAN device. 
ENABLE NAT 
If the LAN is configured with a private IP address, the user should select this 
checkbox (cid:4). The NAT submenu will appear in the Advanced Setup menu after reboot.   
On the other hand, if a private IP address is not used on the LAN side (i.e. the LAN 
side is using a public IP), this checkbox (cid:4) should not be selected to free up system 
resources for better performance.     
ENABLE FULLCONE NAT 
This option becomes available when NAT is enabled. Known as one-to-one NAT, all 
requests from the same internal IP address and port are mapped to the same 
external IP address and port. An external host can send a packet to the internal host, 
by sending a packet to the mapped external address. 
ENABLE FIREWALL 
If this checkbox (cid:4) is selected, the Security submenu will be displayed on the 
Advanced Setup menu after reboot. If firewall is not necessary, this checkbox (cid:4) 
should not be selected to free up system resources for better performance.     
USE STATIC IPv4 ADDRESS 
Unless your service provider specially requires it, do not select this checkbox (cid:4).    If 
selected, enter the static IP address in the IP Address field. Also, don’t forget to 
adjust the IP configuration to Static IP Mode as described in 3.2 IP Configuration. 
ENABLE PPP DEBUG MODE 
When this option is selected, the system will put more PPP connection information 
into the system log. This is for debugging errors and not for normal usage. 
ENABLE IGMP MULTICAST PROXY 
Tick the checkbox (cid:4) to enable Internet Group Membership Protocol (IGMP) 
multicast. IGMP is a protocol used by IPv4 hosts to report their multicast group 
memberships to any neighboring multicast routers. 
STEP 3:  Select a WAN interface as the preferred default gateway route. 
131 
