AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
No.
Description
3
4
5
6
Use a surge protection circuit on the AC power interface.
The positive of the -48 V DC power supply or negative pole of the 24 V DC power
supply should be grounded at the output of the DC power supply.
The working ground and protective ground of the DC power supply equipment should
use the same grounding conductor with the protective ground of the switching
equipment. If the power supply and equipment are in the same equipment room, use
the same protection ground bar for them if possible.
Add surge protection on the DC power interface.
5.3.5 Grounding Specifications for Signal Cables
Table 5-19 lists the grounding specifications for signal cables.
Table 5-19 Grounding specifications for signal cables
No.
Description
1
2
3
4
Equip the cable outdoors with a metal jacket, well grounded at both ends, or connect
the ends of the metal jacket to the protective ground bar of the equipment room. For
cables inside the equipment room, install surge protection devices at the interface to
the equipment. The PGND cable for the surge protection devices should be as short
as possible.
The incoming and outgoing signal cables to and from the office and unused wires
inside the cable should be grounded for protection.
The Tone & Data Access (TDA) cable must pass through the Main Distribution
Frame (MDF) with surge protective device (SPD) when going out of the office. The
cable's shield layer should be connected to the protective ground of the MDF. The
MDF should use the same grounding conductor as the cabinet.
Do not route signal cables overhead.
5.3.6 Specifications for Laying Out Grounding Cables
Table 5-20 shows the specifications for the ground cable.
Table 5-20 Specifications for laying out ground cables
No.
Description
1
The grounding wire should not run parallel to or twist around the signal cable.
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
93
