Chapter 5 Network Tab 
the  Idle  Time  field.  Users  those  pay  by  time  for  their  Internet  access  can 
choose this mode to save their Internet-access fee. 
NOTE:  Sometimes the connection cannot be disconnected although you specify 
a time to Idle  Time (0~99 minutes) because some applications visit the Internet 
continually in the background. 
  Automatic  -  Connect  automatically  after  the  device  is  disconnected.  Users 
those are charged a flat monthly fee can choose this mode.  
  Time-based - You can configure the device to make it connect or disconnect 
based on time. Enter the start time in From (HH:MM) for connecting and end 
time  in  To  (HH:MM)  for  disconnecting.  Users  those  need  to  control  the  time 
period of Internet access can choose this mode. 
  Manual  -  You  can  configure  the  device  to  make  it  connect  or  disconnect 
manually.  After  a  specified  period  of  inactivity  (Idle  Time),  the  device  will 
disconnect your Internet connection, and you must click Connect manually to 
access  the  Internet  again.  If  your  Internet  connection  is  expected  to  remain 
active all the times, enter 0 in the Idle Time field. Otherwise, enter the desired 
Idle  Time  in  minutes  you  wish  to  use.  Users  those  pay  by  time  for  their 
Internet access can choose this mode to save their Internet-access fee. 
Secondary Connection 
If  your  ISP  provides  an  extra  Connection  type  such  as  Dynamic/Static  IP  to 
connect to a local area network, you can activate this secondary connection.  
  Disable - The Secondary Connection is disabled by default, so there is PPPoE 
connection only. This is recommended. 
  Dynamic  IP  -  Use  dynamic  IP  address  to  connect  to  the  local  area  network 
provided by ISP. 
  Static IP - Use static IP address to connect to the local area network provided 
by ISP. 
MTU Size 
The default MTU (Maximum Transmission Unit) size is 1480 bytes, which is usually 
appropriate. For some ISPs, you need modify the MTU. This should not be done 
unless your ISP told you to. 
Service Name/AC Name  Do not change it unless your ISP told you to. 
Detect Interval 
The default value is 0. You can input the value between 0 and 120. The device will 
detect  Access  Concentrator  online  every  interval  seconds.  If  the  value  is  0,  it 
means not detecting. 
- 41 - 
