Chapter 5 Network Tab 
Security 
The Security function is available only in AP router mode and AP client router (WISP Client) mode. 
Stateful Packet Inspection (SPI) is a firewall that keeps track of the state of network connections (such as 
TCP streams, UDP communication) traveling across it. The firewall is programmed to distinguish legitimate 
packets  for  different  types  of  connections.  Only  packets  matching  a  known  active  connection  will  be 
allowed  to  pass  through  by  the  firewall  and  others  will  be  rejected.  SPI  Firewall  is  enabled  by  factory 
default.  
SPI Firewall 
Check the  Enable box to use the SPI Firewall function. If forwarding rules are 
enabled  at  the  same  time,  the  device  will  give  priority  to  meet  forwarding 
rules. 
Ping 
VPN 
  WAN  Ping  Forbidden:  The  default  setting  is  disabled.  If  enabled,  the 
device will not reply the ping request originates from Internet. 
  LAN Ping Forbidden: The default setting is disabled. If enabled, the device 
will not reply the ping request originates from local network. 
A  VPN  is  created  by  establishing  a  virtual  point-to-point  connection  through 
the  use  of  dedicated  connections,  virtual  tunneling  protocols,  or  traffic 
encryptions. Through VPN you can access your private network over Internet. A 
virtual private network connection across the Internet is similar to a wide area 
network  (WAN)  link  between  sites.  From  a  user  perspective,  the  extended 
network resources are accessed in the same way as resources available within 
the  private  network.  When  hosts  in  the  local  area  network  want  to  visit  the 
remote  virtual  private  network  using  virtual  tunneling  protocols,  the 
corresponding VPN protocol should be enabled. 
  PPTP  Passthrough  -  PPTP  (Point-to-Point  Tunneling  Protocol)  allows  the 
Point-to-Point Protocol (PPP) to be tunneled through an IP (Internet Protocol) 
network. Check the box to allow PPTP tunnels to pass through the Device.  
  L2TP  Passthrough  -  L2TP  (Layer  Two  Tunneling  Protocol)  is  the  method 
used  to  enable  Point-to-Point  connections  via  the  Internet  on  the  Layer 
Two level. Check the box to allow L2TP tunnels to pass through the Device.  
- 50 - 
