AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
Make sure that labels are affixed in the correct direction. That is, after the cable ties are bundled
onto the cable, the identification plates with the labels should face up, and the text on the labels
in the same cabinet should be in the same direction, as shown in Figure 5-94.
Figure 5-94 Labels for AC power cables
Meaning of the label in Figure 5-94.
l On the equipment cabinet side, the label marked "A01-AC1" indicates that the power cable
is connected to the first AC power socket of row A and column 01 in the equipment room.
l On the power socket side, the label marked "B01-AC1" indicates that the power cable is
connected to the first AC power socket in the cabinet of row B and column 01 in the
equipment room.
5.5 Guide to Using Optical Modules
Common Faults of an Optical Module
1. An optical module is not completely installed in position.
If the optical module is not completely installed in position and the latch boss is not secured,
the device cannot identify the optical module. After the optical module works for a long
time, it will be ejected under external stress.
2.
The optical receptacle on an optical module is contaminated.
If an optical module is not cleaned or protected properly, contaminants may accumulate on
the fiber pin in the optical module. As a result, the coupling efficiency is reduced, optical
signals are cut off, or even worse, the surface of the fiber pin is damaged permanently.
3. An optical module is burnt.
If high-power optical signals (caused by an optical time domain reflectometer or self-loop
test) are transmitted through an optical module that is used for long-distance transmission
but no optical attenuator is used, the optical power will exceed the overload power of the
avalanche photodiode (APD). Then the optical module is burnt.
The preceding faults lead to temporary or long-term cut-off of optical signals; or even cause
permanent damages to the optical module, affecting communication services.
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
110
