7
Add satellite Mesh units.
Place the new Mesh units near the ﬁrst one. 
Power the new units and wait for their system 
indicator light to turn solid white.
Satellite
Note: Units in the same package will automatically pair with 
the Mesh unit you just completed setup. It might take up to 
5 minutes.
LED and Buttons
OFF
Flashing Red
Mesh Router
Red
White Flash
White
OFF
Flashing Red
Satellite Mesh
Red
White Flash
White
Pair
RESET
Quick Installation Guide
M3000
AX3000 Whole-Home Wi-Fi 6 
Mesh System with 2.5G Port
NEED TECH HELP?
Website: www.cudy.com
Email: support@cudy.com
https://www.cudy.com/meshxz
Support
For technical support, the user guide
and more information, please visit:
https://www.cudy.com/support
810600230
Satellite
EU Declaration of Conformity
Cudy hereby declares that the device is in compliance with theessential requirements and other relevant provisions of directive2014/53/EU,
directive 2011/65/EU, directive (EU) 2015/863.The original EU declaration of conformity can be found athttp://www.cudy.com/ce.
RESET
2
1
RESET
2
1
1s
FCC
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These
limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates,
uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful
interference to radio communications.
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference
to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the
interference by one or more of the following measures:
Note: For Mesh units not from the same package, please 
press their PAIR buttons to complete pairing. Please wait 
their system indicators light to turn solid white and then 
add another one.
—Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
—Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
—Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
#2
RESET
2
1
—Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
This device complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment and it also complies with Part 15 of the
FCC RF Rules. This equipment must be installed and operated in accordance with
provided instructions and the antenna(s) used for this transmitter must be installed to provide a separation distance of at least 25 cm from
all persons and must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. End-users and installers must be
provided with antenna installation instructions and consider removing the no-collocation statement.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and
(2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
Satellite
RESET
2
1
#1
Caution!
Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user's authority to operate the 
equipment.
Note: You may pair units by connecting the port 2 on the 
main node to the port 1 of the satellite node via an 
Ethernet cable.
8
Move the newly added units to 
the middle between the main unit 
and the WiFi deadzone.
Note: Move to where your phone at least has two-bar WiFi 
signal and the units will reconnect to main unit 
automatically once they are booted up.
Enjoy the internet!
