Note
Some countries, states and provinces do not allow exclusions of implied 
warranties or conditions, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. 
You may have other rights that vary from country to country, state to 
state, or province to province. Some countries, states and provinces do not 
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential 
damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you. EXCEPT TO 
THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LOCAL LAW, THESE WARRANTY TERMS DO 
NOT EXCLUDE, RESTRICT OR MODIFY, AND ARE IN ADDITION TO, THE 
MANDATORY STATUTORY RIGHTS APPLICABLE TO THE LICENSE OF ANY 
SOFTWARE (EMBEDDED IN THE PRODUCT) TO YOU. The United Nations 
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply 
to any transactions regarding the sale of the Products.
Compliance
FCC
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible 
for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to 
the following two conditions.
1.  This device may not cause harmful interference, and
2.  This device must accept any interference received, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation.
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a 
Class A digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are 
designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference 
when the equipment is operated in a commercial environment. This 
equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, 
if not installed and used in accordance with the instruction manual, may 
cause harmful interference to radio communications. Operations of this 
equipment in a residential area is likely to cause harmful interference in 
which case the user will be required to correct the interference at his own 
expense.
This radio transmitter (FCC ID: SWX-NBE5ACG2W) has been approved by 
FCC to operate with the antenna types listed below with the maximum 
permissible gain and required antenna impedance for each antenna type 
indicated. Antenna types not included in this list, having a gain greater 
than the maximum gain indicated for that type, are strictly prohibited for 
use with this device.
Antenna Information: Dish antenna, Gain: 19 dBi
