SAFETY & CARE
Your DIRECTV® Receiver has been designed and manufactured to stringent quality and safety standards. You should, however, be aware of the 
following important precautions for safe and optimal use of the equipment. Meaning of symbols printed on the rear panel of the product: 
This symbol indicates that dangerous voltage with a risk of electric shock is present within this unit.
This symbol indicates that there are important operating and maintenance instructions in the literature accompanying this unit. 
Important Safety Instructions
1.  Read these instructions.
2.  Keep these instructions.
3.  Heed all warnings.
4.  Follow all instructions.
5.  Do not use this apparatus near water.
6.  Clean only with dry cloth.
7.  Do not block any ventilation openings. Install in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions.
8.  Do not install near any heat sources such as radiators, heat registers, stoves or other apparatus (including amplifiers) that produce heat.
9.  Do not defeat the safety purpose of the polarized or grounding-type plug. A polarized plug has two blades with one wider than the other. A grounding type plug has 
two blades and a third grounding prong. The wide blade or the third prong are provided for your safety. If the provided plug does not fit into your outlet, consult an 
electrician for replacement of the obsolete outlet.
10.  Protect the power cord from being walked on or pinched particularly at plugs, convenience receptacles and the point where they exit the apparatus.
11.  Use only attachments/accessories specified by the manufacturer.
12.  Use only with the cart, stand, tripod, bracket or table specified by the manufacturer, or sold with the apparatus. When a cart is used, use caution 
when moving the cart/apparatus combination to avoid injury from tip-over.
13.  Unplug this apparatus during lightning storms or when unused for long periods of time.
14.  Refer all servicing to qualified service personnel. Servicing is required when the apparatus has been damaged in any way, such as power-supply 
cord or plug is damaged, liquid has been spilled or objects have fallen into the apparatus, the apparatus has been exposed to rain or moisture, 
does not operate normally, or has been dropped. Ensure proper ventilation — the vent slots on the DIRECTV® Receiver must be left uncovered to allow proper airflow 
to the unit. Blocking the airflow to the unit could impair performance or damage your Receiver and other components.
15.  Use only the power supply (power cord) that came with your DIRECTV Receiver.  Failure to use the authorized power supply (power cord) may cause electric shock, 
6
fire, bodily injury and/or property damage.  If the power supply (power cord) becomes damaged or needs to be replaced, please contact DIRECTV Customer Service to 
obtain an authorized replacement. 
