•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/ TV technician for help.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
1. This device may not cause harmful interference.
2. This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
Any  changes  or  modifications  not  expressly  approved  by  the  party  responsible  for  compliance  could  void  the  user’s  authority  to  operate  the 
equipment.
Note: The manufacturer is not responsible for any radio or TV interference caused by unauthorized modifications to this equipment. Such modifications 
could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
FCC RF Radiation Exposure Statement
This equipment complies with FCC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. This device and its antenna must not be 
co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
“To  comply  with  FCC  RF  exposure  compliance  requirements,  this  grant  is  applicable  to  only  Mobile  Configurations.  The  antennas  used  for  this 
transmitter must be installed to provide a separation distance of at least 20 cm from all persons and must not be co-located or operating in conjunction 
with any other antenna or transmitter.”
FCC regulations restrict operation of this device to indoor use only. The operation of this device is prohibited on oil platforms, cars, trans, boats, and 
aircraft, except that operation of this device is permitted in large aircraft while flying above 10000 feet. Operation of transmitters in the 5.925-7.125 
GHz band is prohibited for control of or communications with unmanned aircraft systems.
We, TP-Link USA Corporation, has determined that the equipment shown as above has been shown to comply with the applicable technical standards, 
FCC part 15. There is no unauthorized change is made in the equipment and the equipment is properly maintained and operated.
Issue Date: 2021-09-29
46
