RouterBOARD hAP ac lite 
Quick Setup Guide and Warranty Information
The hAP is a simple home wireless access point. It is configured out of the box, you can simply plug in your internet
cable and start using wireless internet. We  recommend you to set up a password to secure your device, follow
these steps
Connecting
1. Connect your Internet cable to port 1, and local network PCs to ports 2-5
2. Set your computer IP configuration to automatic (DHCP)
3. Wireless “access point” mode is enabled by default, connect to the wireless network name which starts
with “MikroTik”. Log into your router and configure a the Wireless password and router password to secure
your wireless network and access to the router
4. Default IP address from the local network is 192.168.88.1, open this address in your web browser to start
configuration. The username is admin and there is no password
5. The Ether5 port suports PoE output for powering other RouterBOARD devices. The port has auto detection
feature, so you can connect Laptops and other non-PoE devices without damaging them. The PoE on
Ether5 outputs approximately 2V below input voltage, and supports up to 0.58A (So provided 24V PSU will
provide 22V/0.58A output to the Ether5 PoE port). 
Powering
The board accepts powering from the power jack or from the first Ethernet port (Passive PoE):


direct-input power jack (5.5mm outside and 2mm inside, female, pin positive plug) 
accepts 8-30V DC
first Ethernet port accepts passive Power over Ethernet accepts 8-30V DC
The power consumption under maximum load  can reach 5W
Booting process
Initial connection has to be done via the Ethernet cable. Open 192.168.88.1 in your web browser. The username is
admin and there is no password. 
MAC address of the device. More information here:  http://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/First_time_startup In case you
wish to boot the device from network, for example to use MikroTik Netinstall, hold the RESET button of the device
when starting it until the LED light turns off, and unit will start to look for Netinstall servers.
In case IP connection is not available, Winbox can be used to connect to the
Extension Slots and Ports


Five individual 10/100 Ethernet ports, supporting automatic cross/straight cable correction (Auto MDI/X), so
you can use either straight or cross-over cables for connecting to other network devices. 
Integrated Wireless 2.4GHz and 5GHz 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, simultaneous dual band radio with onboard PIF
antennas, max gain 1.5dBi
Buttons and Jumpers
RouterBOOT reset button (RESET, front panel) has three functions:
o Hold this button during boot time until LED light starts flashing, release the button to reset
RouterOS configuration (total 5 seconds)
o Keep holding for 5 more seconds, LED turns solid, release now to turn on CAPs mode (total 10 
seconds)
See www.routerboard.com for more information. Contact support@mikrotik.com
30-Apr-15
