 Appendix B Glossary 
Glossary 
Description 
ICMP (Internet Control 
Messages Protocol) 
Network layer Internet protocol that reports errors and provides other 
information relevant to IP packet processing. 
Internet 
Largest global Internetwork, connecting tens of thousands of networks 
worldwide  and  having  a  “culture”  that  focuses  on  research  and 
standardization based on real-life use. 
I 
IP (Internet Protocol) 
Network  layer  protocol  in  the  TCP/IP  stack  offering  a  connectionless 
Internetwork  service.  IP  provides  features  for  addressing,  type-of-
service specification, fragmentation and reassembly, and security. 
ISP (Internet Service 
Provider) 
Company  that  provides  Internet  access  to  other  companies  and 
individuals. 
IPsec (IP Security) 
A framework of open standards that provides data confidentiality, data 
integrity, and data authentication between participating peers. 
L 
LAN (Local Area Network) 
MAC address (Media Access 
Control address) 
MTU (Maximum 
Transmission Unit) 
NAT (Network Address 
Translator) 
M 
N 
low-error  data  network  covering  a  relatively  small 
High-speed, 
geographic  area  (up  to  a  few  thousand  meters).  LANs  connect 
workstations,  peripherals,  terminals,  and  other  devices  in  a  single 
building or other geographically limited area. 
Standardized  data  link  layer  address  that  is  required  for  every  port  or 
device that connects to a LAN. Other devices in the network use these 
addresses  to  locate  specific  ports  in  the  network  and  to  create  and 
update routing tables and data structures. MAC addresses are 6 bytes 
long and are controlled by the IEEE. 
The size in bytes of the largest packet that can be transmitted. 
Mechanism  for  reducing  the  need  for  globally  unique  IP  addresses. 
NAT  allows  an  organization  with  addresses  that  are  not  globally 
unique  to  connect  to  the  Internet  by  translating  those  addresses  into 
globally routable address space. 
NTP Server 
NTP  Server  is  used  for  synchronizing  the  time  across  computer 
networks. 
P 
PPPoE (Point-to-Point 
Protocol over Ethernet) 
PPPoE is a network protocol for encapsulating Point-to-Point Protocol 
(PPP) frames inside Ethernet frames. 
- 90 - 
