 Chapter 8 System
Table 31   System > SNMP (continued)
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
Privacy Protocol
Specify the encryption method used for SNMP communication with the SNMP 
administrator. 
DES - Data Encryption Standard is a widely used (but breakable) method of data 
encryption. It applies a 56-bit key to each 64-bit block of data.
AES - Advanced Encryption Standard is another method for data encryption that also 
uses a secret key. AES applies a 128-bit key to 128-bit blocks of data.
SNMPv3 User 
Settings 
SNMPv3 User
Select the check box to enable the SNMP user account for authentication with SNMP 
managers using SNMP v3. 
User Name
Specify the user name of the SNMP user account.
Password
Enter the password for SNMP user authentication. 
Confirm Password
Retype the password for confirmation.
Access Type
Specify the SNMP user’s access rights to MIBs.
Authentication 
Protocol
Read Only - The SNMP user has read rights only, meaning the user can collect 
information from the NWA.
Read/Write - The SNMP user has read and write rights, meaning that the user can 
create and edit the MIBs on the NWA.
Select an authentication algorithm used for SNMP communication with the SNMP user.
MD5 (Message Digest 5) and SHA (Secure Hash Algorithm) are hash algorithms used 
to authenticate SNMP data. SHA authentication is generally considered stronger than 
MD5, but is slower. 
Privacy Protocol
Specify the encryption method used for SNMP communication with the SNMP user. 
DES - Data Encryption Standard is a widely used (but breakable) method of data 
encryption. It applies a 56-bit key to each 64-bit block of data.
AES - Advanced Encryption Standard is another method for data encryption that also 
uses a secret key. AES applies a 128-bit key to 128-bit blocks of data.
Apply
Cancel
Click Apply to save your customized settings. 
Click Cancel to begin configuring this screen afresh.
8.8  FTP Screen
Use this screen to upload and download the NWA’s firmware using FTP. To use this feature, your 
computer must have an FTP client.
NWA1000 Series User’s Guide
101
