 Chapter 6 Wireless LAN
Passphrase
A passphrase functions like a password. In WEP security mode, it is further converted by the 
NWA1121-NI into a complicated string that is referred to as the “key”. This key is requested from all 
devices wishing to connect to a wireless network.
PSK
The Pre-Shared Key (PSK) is a password shared by a wireless access point and a client during a 
previous secure connection. The key can then be used to establish a connection between the two 
parties.
Encryption
Wireless networks can use encryption to protect the information that is sent in the wireless 
network. Encryption is like a secret code. If you do not know the secret code, you cannot 
understand the message. Encryption is the process of converting data into unreadable text. This 
secures information in network communications. The intended recipient of the data can “unlock” it 
with a pre-assigned key, making the information readable only to him. The NWA1121-NI when used 
as a wireless client employs Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP) data encryption.
EAP
Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) is a protocol used by a wireless client, an access point and 
an authentication server to negotiate a connection. 
The EAP methods employed by the NWA1121-NI when in Wireless Client operating mode are 
Transport Layer Security (TLS), Protected Extensible Authentication Protocol (PEAP), Lightweight 
Extensible Authentication Protocol (LEAP) and Tunneled Transport Layer Security (TTLS). The 
authentication protocol may either be Microsoft Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol 
Version 2 (MSCHAPv2) or Generic Token Card (GTC).
Further information on these terms can be found in Appendix D on page 181.    
RADIUS
Remote Authentication Dial In User Service (RADIUS) is a protocol that can be used to manage user 
access to large networks. It is based on a client-server model that supports authentication, 
authorization and accounting. The access point is the client and the server is the RADIUS server. 
Figure 19   RADIUS Server Setup
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
59
