About This Guide
This guide provides a brief introduction to Deco Whole Home Mesh Wi-Fi System and the Deco app, as well as regulatory information.
Please note that features of Deco may vary slightly depending on the model and software version you have, and on your location, language and internet 
service provider. All images, parameters and descriptions documented in this guide are used for demonstration only. 
Conventions
In this guide, the following conventions are used:
Convention   Description
Deco
Stands for Deco Whole Home Mesh Wi-Fi System/Unit.
Underline
Hyperlinks are in teal and underlined. You can click to 
redirect to a website or a specific section.             
 Teal
Note:
Tips:
Key  information  appears  in  teal,  including  management 
page text such as menus, items, buttons and so on. 
Ignoring this type of note might result in a malfunction 
or damage to the device.
Indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your device.
Speed/Coverage/Device Quantity Disclaimer
Maximum wireless transmission rates are the physical rates derived from 
IEEE Standard 802.11 specifications. Range, coverage, and maximum 
quantity of connected devices are based on test results under normal 
usage conditions. Actual wireless data throughput. wireless coverage, 
and quantity of connected devices are not guaranteed and will vary 
as  a  result  of  1)  environmental  factors,  including  building  materials, 
physical objects, and obstacles, 2) network conditions, including local 
interference, volume and density of traffic, product location, network 
complexity, and network overhead, and 3) client limitations, including 
rated performance, location, connection quality, and client condition.
MU-MIMO Disclaimer
Use of MU-MIMO requires clients to also support MU-MIMO.
More Info
•  Specific product information can be found on the product page at 
https://www.tp-link.com
.
•  A  Technical  Support  Forum  is  provided  for  you  to  discuss  our 
products at https://forum.tp-link.com.
•  Our Technical Support contact information can be found at the Help 
center of the Deco app and the Contact Technical Support page at 
https://www.tp-link.com/support.
1
