Chapter 3 Web User Interface 
This section describes how to access the device via the web user interface (WUI) 
using an Internet browser such as Internet Explorer (version 5.0 and later).     
3.1  Default  Settings 
The factory default settings of this device are summarized below. 
•  LAN IP address: 192.168.1.1 
•  LAN subnet mask: 255.255.255.0 
•  Administrative access (username: root , password: 12345) 
•  User access (username: user, password: user) 
•  Remote (WAN) access (username: support, password: support) 
•  WLAN access: enabled 
Technical Note 
During power on, the device initializes all settings to default values.    It will then 
read the configuration profile from the permanent storage section of flash memory.   
The default attributes are overwritten when identical attributes with different values 
are configured.    The configuration profile in permanent storage can be created via 
the  web  user  interface  or  telnet  user  interface,  or  other  management  protocols.   
The factory default configuration can be restored either by pushing the reset button 
for more than five seconds until the power indicates LED blinking or by clicking the 
Restore Default Configuration option in the Restore Settings screen. 
3.2  IP  Configuration 
DHCP MODE 
When the CT-5374 powers up, the onboard DHCP server will switch on. Basically, the 
DHCP server issues and reserves IP addresses for LAN devices, such as your PC. 
To obtain an IP address from the DCHP server, follow the steps provided below.     
NOTE: 
The following procedure assumes you are running Windows XP.   
However, the general steps involved are similar for most operating 
systems (OS). Check your OS support documentation for further details. 
STEP 1:   From the Network Connections window, open Local Area Connection (You 
may also access this screen by double-clicking the Local Area Connection 
icon on your taskbar). Click the Properties button. 
STEP 2:  Select Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) and click the Properties button.   
STEP 3:  Select Obtain an IP address automatically as shown below. 
11 
