Warranty
FCC Statement:
Federal Communication Commission Interference Statement 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits 
are  designed  to  provide  reasonable  protection  against  harmful  interference  in  a  residential  installation. This  equipment  generates,  uses  and 
can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful 
interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct 
the interference by one of the following measures:
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• 
•  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
FCC Caution: Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible 
for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate this equipment.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful 
interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
For product available in the USA/Canada market, only channel 1~11 can be operated. Selection of other channels is not possible.
This device and it’s antennas(s) must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter except in accordance 
with FCC multi-transmitter product procedures.
IMPORTANT NOTE:
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. This equipment should be installed and 
operated with minimum distance 20 cm between the radiator & your body.
75
