Third-Party Access 
Control   
4.  Describe in detail any encryption methods used to support 
the use of legitimate RF-related software/firmware. 
Response:   
No encryption methods used. 
5.  For a device  that  can be  configured as a master and client 
(with  active  or  passive  scanning),  explain  how  the  device 
ensures  compliance  for  each  mode?  In  particular  if  the 
device acts as master in some band of operation and client 
in  another;  how  is  compliance  ensured  in  each  band  of 
operation? 
Response:   
The device ensures the compliance by checking the 
configured parameter and operation values according to 
the regulatory domain and country code in each band. 
1.  Explain if any third parties have the capability to operate a 
U.S.-sold  device  on  any  other 
regulatory  domain, 
frequencies, or in any manner that may allow the device to 
operate in violation of the device’s authorization if activated 
in the U.S. 
Response:   
No any third parties have the capability to operate a US sold 
device on any other regulatory domain, frequencies, or in any 
manner that may allow the device to operate in violation of 
the device’s authorization if activated in the U.S. 
2.  Describe,  if  the  device  permits  third-party  software  or 
firmware installation, what mechanisms are provided by the 
manufacturer to permit integration of such functions while 
ensuring  that  the  RF  parameters  of  the  device  cannot  be 
operated outside its authorization for operation in the U.S. 
In the description include what controls and/or agreements 
are  in  place  with  providers  of  third-party  functionality  to 
ensure the devices’ underlying RF parameters are unchanged 
and how the manufacturer verifies the functionality 
Response:   
The RF Parameters is put in read-only partition of EUT’s flash 
and are only installed in the factory. RF parameters including 
frequency  of  operation,  power  setting,  modulation  type, 
antenna types or country code setting will be locked in this 
