Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Statement 
This  device  complies  with  part  15  of  the  FCC  Rules.  Operation  is  subject  to  the 
following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) 
this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause 
undesired operation. 
The  antenna(s)  used  for  this  transmitter  must  be  installed  to  provide  a  separation 
distance of at least 20 cm from all persons. 
Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B 
digital  device,  pursuant  to  part  15  of  the  FCC  Rules.  These  limits  are  designed  to 
provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. 
This  equipment  generates,  uses  and  can  radiate  radio  frequency  energy  and,  if  not 
installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference 
to  radio  communications.  However,  there  is  no  guarantee  that  interference  will  not 
occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to 
radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and 
on,  the  user  is  encouraged  to  try  to  correct  the  interference  by  one  or  more  of  the 
following measures: 
(cid:122)  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
(cid:122) 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
(cid:122)  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the 
receiver is connected. 
(cid:122)  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help. 
Warning:  Changes  or  modifications  made  to  this  device  not  expressly  approved  by 
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. may void the FCC authorization to operate this device. 
Any  changes  or  modifications  not  expressly  approved  by  the  party  responsible  for 
compliance could void the user’s authority to operate this equipment.This equipment 
complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 
To maintain compliance with FCC RF exposure compliance requirements, please avoid 
direct contact to the transmitting antenna during transmitting. End users must follow 
the specific operating instructions for satisfying RF exposure compliance. 
The shell of the device may be hot after the device is running for a long 
time, which will not affect the function of the HG622. 
6 
