2) This  device  must  accept  any  interference  received,  including  interference  that  may  cause 
undesired operation.
Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance 
could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
Note:  The  manufacturer  is  not  responsible  for  any  radio  or  T V  interference  caused  by 
unauthorized modifications to this equipment. Such modifications could void the user’s authority 
to operate the equipment.
Product Name: Outdoor Wireless Base Station
Model Number: WBS210/WBS510
Component Name
Model
PoE Adapter
T240100-2-PoE
Responsible party:  
TP-Link USA Corporation, d/b/a TP-Link North America, Inc. 
Address: 145 South State College Blvd. Suite 400, Brea, CA 92821 
Website: https://www.tp-link.com/us/ 
Tel: +1 626 333 0234 
Fax: +1 909 527 6803 
E-mail: sales.usa@tp-link.com
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class A digital device, 
pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection 
against harmful interference when the equipment is operated in a commercial environment. 
This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed 
and used in accordance with the instruction manual, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. Operation of this equipment in a residential area is likely to cause harmful 
interference in which case the user will be required to correct the interference at his own expense.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two 
conditions:
1) This device may not cause harmful interference.
2) This  device  must  accept  any  interference  received,  including  interference  that  may  cause 
undesired operation.
Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance 
could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
Note:  The  manufacturer  is  not  responsible  for  any  radio  or  T V  interference  caused  by 
unauthorized modifications to this equipment. Such modifications could void the user’s authority 
to operate the equipment.
FCC RF Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with FCC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled 
environment. This device and its antenna must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with 
any other antenna or transmitter.
