A “User Product” is either (1) a “consumer product”, which means any tangible personal property which is normally used for 
personal, family, or household purposes, or (2) anything designed or sold for incorporation into a dwelling.  In determining 
whether a product is a consumer product, doubtful cases shall be resolved in favor of coverage.  For a particular product 
received by a particular user, “normally used” refers to a typical or common use of that class of product, regardless of the status 
of the particular user or of the way in which the particular user actually uses, or expects or is expected to use, the product.  A 
product is a consumer product regardless of whether the product has substantial commercial, industrial or non-consumer 
uses, unless such uses represent the only significant mode of use of the product.
“Installation Information” for a User Product means any methods, procedures, authorization keys, or other information required 
to install and execute modified versions of a covered work in that User Product from a modified version of its Corresponding 
Source. The  information  must  suffice  to  ensure  that  the  continued  functioning  of  the  modified  object  code  is  in  no  case 
prevented or interfered with solely because modification has been made.
If you convey an object code work under this section in, or with, or specifically for use in, a User Product, and the conveying 
occurs as part of a transaction in which the right of possession and use of the User Product is transferred to the recipient in 
perpetuity or for a fixed term (regardless of how the transaction is characterized), the Corresponding Source conveyed under 
this section must be accompanied by the Installation Information.  But this requirement does not apply if neither you nor any 
third party retains the ability to install modified object code on the User Product (for example, the work has been installed in 
ROM).
The requirement to provide Installation Information does not include a requirement to continue to provide support service, 
warranty, or updates for a work that has been modified or installed by the recipient, or for the User Product in which it has 
been modified or installed.  Access to a network may be denied when the modification itself materially and adversely affects 
the operation of the network or violates the rules and protocols for communication across the network.
Corresponding Source conveyed, and Installation Information provided, in accord with this section must be in a format that is 
publicly documented (and with an implementation available to the public in source code form), and must require no special 
password or key for unpacking, reading or copying.
D-Link DAP-1330 User Manual
54
