Warnings and Precautions 
HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
Areas with Inflammables and Explosives 
(cid:122)  Do not use the device where inflammables or explosives are stored, for example, in a 
gas station, oil depot, or chemical plant. Otherwise, explosions or fires may occur. In 
addition, follow the instructions indicated in text or symbols. 
(cid:122)  Do not store or transport the device in the same box as inflammable liquids, gases, or 
explosives. 
Accessory Requirements 
(cid:122)  Use  only  the  accessories  supplied  or  authorized  by  the  device  manufacturer. 
Otherwise,  the  performance  of  the  device  may  get  affected,  the  warranty  for  the 
device  or  the  laws  and  regulations  related  to  telecommunications  terminals  may 
become null and void, or an injury may occur. 
(cid:122)  Do not use the power adapter if its cable is damaged. Otherwise, electric shocks or 
fires may occur. 
(cid:122)  Ensure  that  the  power  adapter  meets  the  specifications  indicated  on  the  device 
nameplate. 
(cid:122)  Ensure  that  the  power  adapter  meets  the  requirements  of  Clause  2.5  in 
IEC60950-1/EN60950-1 and it is tested and approved according to national or local 
standards. 
Safety of Children 
Keep the device and its accessories out of the reach of children. Otherwise, they may 
damage the device and its accessories by mistake, or they may swallow the small 
components of the device, causing suffocation or other dangerous situations. 
Maintenance 
(cid:122) 
(cid:122) 
If the device is not used for a long time, power it off, and then remove all the cables 
connected to it. 
If any exception occurs, for example, if the device emits any smoke or unusual sound 
or  smell,  stop  using  the  device  immediately,  power  it  off,  remove  all  the  cables 
connected to it, and then contact an authorized service center. 
(cid:122)  Do not trample, pull, or overbend any cable. Otherwise, the cable may get damaged, 
causing malfunction of the device.  
(cid:122)  Before cleaning the device, stop using it, power it off, and then remove all the cables 
connected to it. 
(cid:122)  Use a clean, soft, and dry cloth to clean the device shell. Do not use any cleaning 
agent or spray to clean the device shell. 
1-2 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
