AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
Engineering Labels for DC Power Cables
These labels are affixed to the DC power cables that provide power supply for cabinets, including
the -48 V, PGND, and BGND cables. Here, the DC power cables also include power cables and
PGND cables.
The labels for DC power cables are affixed to one side of the identification plates on cable ties.
For details of the labels, see Table 5-26.
Table 5-26 Contents of the label
Content
MN(BC)-
B--48Vn
MN(BC)-B-
BGND
MN(BC)-B-
PGND
Meaning
MN(BC): BC is written right under MN.
B: chassis number, numbered in bottom-up order with two digits, for
example, 01.
N: power socket number, numbered as 1 to 3 in the bottom-up and left-
to-right orders.
On the loaded cabinet side, only MN is used to identify the cabinet.
On the power cabinet side, MN identifies the row and column number
of the power distribution equipment like a control cabinet and
distribution box, and BC identifies the row and column number of the
-48 V connector. If there is no row number or column number, or the
connector can be identified without them, BC can be omitted. It is
unnecessary to identify the row and column number for BGND and
PGND.
The label only carries location information about the destination direction of the power cable
whereas information about the local end is unnecessary. That is, the label only carries location
information about the opposite equipment, the control cabinet, or the distribution box. Table
5-26 lists the information on two -48 V power supplies on the label. The information on other
DC voltages, such as 24 V and 60 V should be given in similar methods.
Make sure that labels are affixed in the correct direction. That is, after the cable ties are bundled
onto the cable, the identification plates with the labels should face up, and the text on the labels
in the same cabinet should be in the same direction. For details, see Figure 5-93.
Figure 5-93 Example of the labels for DC power cables
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
108
