This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits 
for a Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. 
These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against 
harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment 
generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not 
installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause 
harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no 
guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. 
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or 
television reception, which can be determined by turning the 
equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the 
interference by one or more of the following measures:   
—Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
—Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.   
—Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from 
that to which the receiver is connected.   
—Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.   
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement 
This device complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for 
an uncontrolled environment and it also complies with Part 15 of the 
FCC RF Rules. This equipment must be installed and operated in 
accordance with provided instructions and the antenna(s) used for 
this transmitter must be installed to provide a separation distance of 
at least 25 cm from all persons and must not be co-located or 
operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 
End-users and installers must be provided with antenna installation 
instructions and consider removing the no-collocation statement. 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is 
subject to the following two conditions:    
(1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and   
(2) this device must accept any interference received, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation. 
Caution!    
