8. Tapping on the play button within the video box will jump to the 
    “Camera Login” setting interface. For your security, please set a 
    new username and password for your camera before viewing 
    live video.
4. Hardware Installation
5. Other Ways to Access Your Camera
Place the camera directly on a desk. 
Foscam VMS
Foscam_camera
On
Camera Login
New camera username
New camera password
Re-enter new camera 
password
Submit
Tap “      ”  
Set a new username 
and password
9. After completing the above steps, you can begin to use the
    camera.
Install the mounting plate on a wall or ceiling with the supplied  
fixing screws.
Note: Align points a and b to insert the camera base to the 
mounting plate. Rotate so that points a and b are aligned, which 
attaches the camera securely to the base.
a
b
Foscam VMS is a new tool for PCs. It does not require plug-ins and is 
compatible with Windows & Mac, supporting all Foscam HD 
cameras and up to 36 cameras at the same time. If you would like to 
manage multiple cameras, we suggest you install Foscam VMS. You 
can download the “Foscam VMS ” Windows version from 
foscam.com/vms, and can download the "Foscam VMS" Mac 
version from the APP store:
https://apps.apple.com/cn/app/foscamvms/id1521202507?mt=12
Note: For the best experience, please update Foscam VMS to the 
latest version!
Add the IP Camera
1. Run Foscam VMS, then create a local administrator account and 
    login.
6. Important Notice  
Camera Username & Password
2. Tap the "+" icon on the Foscam VMS and follow the setup 
    wizard to add your camera.
Please visit foscam.com/downloads to view the user manual and 
for additional detailed steps.
The camera username & password are used to access and manage 
your camera. Having a strong password can significantly improve 
the security of your camera.
If you have forgotten either of them, please press the "Reset" button 
and hold it for more than 10 seconds while the camera is powered 
on. After hearing the voice prompt, release the button. The camera 
will automatically reboot and the default settings will be restored.
You can then reconnect the camera by following this Quick Setup 
Guide.
Storage Media
Your camera supports cloud, NVR (Network Video Recorder), and 
Micro SD card (only supports exFAT and FAT32 format) storage 
formats. If you wish to record and play back large amounts of video, 
we recommend using a Foscam NVR device as well.
Firmware Upgrades
You can upgrade the firmware of your camera with the Foscam App 
by using the new “One-Key-Online Upgrade” feature (Open the 
Foscam App and Login to the camera, select “Settings” >Firmware> 
“Firmware Upgrade”).
You also can download the latest version to upgrade your camera 
from our official website foscam.com/upgrades.
7. Product Performance 
WLAN frequency range: 2412MHz - 2472MHz 
Maximum transmission power: < 21dBm
Wireless Standard: IEEE802.11b/g/n (2.4GHz)
Power Supply: DC 5V 1.5/2.0A 6W
Safety Tips
Please ensure that the proper power supply is used before using 
the camera.
Please install the camera and bracket securely using the screws 
provided.
Please use this product within the temperature range. When the 
ambient temperature is too high or too low, it may cause product 
failure.
To avoid the risk of fire or electric shock, please keep your camera 
in a cool, dry place.
Please keep the camera out of reach of small children. 
This product is not a toy; children should use the product under 
adult supervision.
Change your default port to a greater range to help ensure the 
safety of your connection. How to change the default port: please 
visit foscam.com/downloads to view the user manual.
Check the logs of your Foscam cameras frequently. Foscam 
Cameras have embedded logs telling you which IP addresses are 
accessing the camera.
8. Technical Support
If you have problems with your Foscam device, please contact the 
reseller you purchased from, or you can e-mail the company 
headquarters technical support team: support@foscam.com 
CE Certificate statement Website: 
https://www.foscam.com/company/ce-certificate.html
Your valuable comments and suggestions on improving Foscam 
products are welcomed!
Exporter and Importer Information Opened to Public:
https://www.foscam.com/company/open-information.html
Manufacturer: Shenzhen Foscam Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd 
Addr: Room 901, Unit B, Building 7, Xingke 1st Street
Vanke Cloud City Phase 1, Nanshan Dist., Shenzhen, 518055,
China
www.foscam.com
Due to product upgrades and other reasons, this guide may be slow to 
update, resulting in slight inconsistencies with the official website 
information. Please take the official website (www.foscam.com) information 
as the current standard.
