Appendix 
UDP 
User Datagram Protocol 
HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
One of the TCP/IP suite of protocols for data transfer, which allows an application 
program on one machine to send a datagram to an application program on another 
machine. 
VDSL 
Very high-bit-rate Digital Subscriber Line 
VDSL is a DSL technology providing faster data transmission over a single flat 
untwisted or twisted pair of copper wires. These fast speeds mean that VDSL is capable 
of supporting high bandwidth applications such as HDTV, as well as telephone services 
(Voice over IP) and general Internet access, over a single connection. VDSL is deployed 
over existing wiring used for POTS and lower-speed DSL connections. This standard 
was approved by ITU in November 2001. 
VDSL2 
Very High Speed Digital Subscribe Line 2 
VDSL2 is an access technology that exploits the existing infrastructure of copper wires 
that were originally deployed for POTS. It can be deployed from central offices, from 
fibre-fed cabinets located near the customer premises, or within buildings. In theory, 
VDSL2 can achieve the highest transmission rates of 100 Mbit/s, and more perfectly 
using the high-speed performance of short distance. 
Virtual server 
A virtual server allows you to direct incoming traffic from the Internet (identified by 
protocol and external port) to an internal server with a private IP address on the LAN. 
WAN 
Wide Area Network 
WAN usually refers to a network which covers a large geographical area, and uses 
communications circuits to connect the intermediate nodes. A major factor impacting 
WAN design and performance is a requirement that allows communications circuits to be 
leased from telephone companies or other communications carriers. 
WPA-PSK 
Wi-Fi Protected Access-Pre Shared Key 
WPA is an industry standard based on a subset of an early draft of 802.11i. WPA replaces 
WEP's keying mechanism with a more robust system, called Temporal Key Integrity 
Protocol (although TKIP is still based on RC4 encryption). WPA adds a strong message 
integrity check and allows for authentication using 802.1X. 
9-6 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
