EN - English - Quick Guide:
This device needs to be upgraded to RouterOS v6.48 or the latest stable version, to ensure compliance with local authority regulations!
It is the end users responsibility to follow local country regulations, including operation within legal frequency channels, output power, cabling
requirements, and Dynamic Frequency Selection (DFS) requirements. All MikroTik radio devices must be installed according to instructions.
This Quick Guide covers models:  RB962UiGS-5HacT2HnT (hAP ac)
.
https://mt.lv/um
This is a wireless network device. You can find the product model name on the case label (ID). 
Please visit the user manual page on 
Technical specifications, brochures, and more info about products at https://mikrotik.com/products
Configuration manual for software in your language with additional information can be found at https://mt.lv/help
If you need help with configuration, please seek a consultant https://mikrotik.com/consultants
This Device accepts input of a 24V DC power adapter, which is provided in the original packaging of this device. This Device can be powered via
a DC jack or using a PoE injector (cAP ac has PoE provided in the package).
First steps:
 for the full up to date user manual. Or scan the QR code with your mobile phone. 
https://192.168.88.1
admin 
Make sure your Internet service provider is allowing hardware change and will issue an automatic IP address;
Connect your ISP cable to the first Ethernet port;
Connect the device to the included power adapter;
Connect your computer to the wireless network;
Open 
User name: 
Click the "Check_for_updates" button on the right side and update your RouterOS software to the latest version. The device must have an active Internet 
connection;
The device will reboot;
Connect again and choose your country on the left side of the screen, to apply country regulation settings;
Set up your wireless network password, the password must be at least eight symbols;
Set up your router password in the bottom field to the right and repeat it, it will be used to login next time.
 in your web browser to start the configuration;
and there is no password by default;
Safety Information:
Before you work on any MikroTik equipment, be aware of the hazards involved with electrical circuitry, and be familiar with standard practices for preventing 
accidents. The installer should be familiar with network structures, terms, and concepts.
Use only the power supply and accessories approved by the manufacturer, and which can be found in the original packaging of this product.
This equipment is to be installed by trained and qualified personnel, as per these installation instructions. The installer is responsible for making sure, that the 
Installation of the equipment is compliant with local and national electrical codes. Do not attempt to disassemble, repair, or modify the device.
This product is intended to be installed indoors. Keep this product away from water, fire, humidity, or hot environments.
We cannot guarantee that no accidents or damage will occur due to the improper use of the device. Please use this product with care and operate at your own 
risk!
In the case of device failure, please disconnect it from power. The fastest way to do so is by unplugging the power adapter from the power outlet.
Exposure  to  Radio  Frequency  Radiation: 
This  MikroTik  equipment  complies  with  the  FCC,  IC,  and  European  Union  radiation  exposure  limits  set  forth  for  an
uncontrolled environment. This MikroTik device should be installed and operated no closer than 20 centimeters from your body, occupational user, or the general
public.
Manufacturer: Mikrotikls SIA, Brivibas gatve 214i Riga, Latvia, LV1039.
BG - Български. Бързо ръководство:
Това устройство трябва да бъде надстроено до RouterOS v6.48 или най-новата стабилна версия, за да се гарантира спазването на местните
наредби!
Крайните потребители са отговорни да спазват местните разпоредби, включително работа в рамките на законни честотни канали, изходна
мощност, изисквания за окабеляване и изисквания за динамичен избор на честота (DFS). Всички радиоустройства MikroTik трябва да бъдат
инсталирани съгласно инструкциите.
Тази  Ръководство  за  бързо  обхваща  модели:  RBD52G-5HacD2HnD-TC  (hAP  ac²),  RBcAPGi-5acD2nD  (cAP  ac),  RB952Ui-5ac2nD-TC  (hAP  ac  lite
TC), RB952Ui-5ac2nD (hAP ac lite), RB4011iGS+5HacQ2HnD-IN, RB962UiGS-5HacT2HnT (hAP ac).
Това е устройство за безжична мрежа.Можете да намерите името на модела на продукта на етикета на регистъра (ID).
Моля, посетете страницата с ръководството за потребителя на 
Или сканирайте QR кода с мобилния си телефон.
Технически спецификации, брошури и повече информация за продуктите на https://mikrotik.com/products
Ръководство за конфигуриране на софтуер на вашия език с допълнителна информация можете да намерите наhttps://mt.lv/help-bg
Ако имате нужда от помощ при конфигуриране, моля, потърсете консултант  https://mikrotik.com/consultants
Това устройство приема вход на 24V DC адаптер за захранване, който се предлага в оригиналната опаковка на това устройство. Това устройство може
да се захранва чрез DC жак или с помощта на PoE инжектор (cAP ac има PoE, предоставен в пакета).
Първи стъпки:
 за пълното актуализирано ръководство за употреба.
https://mt.lv/um-bg
