AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
In other words, the information in Area 1 at one end is the same as the information in Area 2 at
the other end of the cable.
Precautions for Using Engineering Labels
When using labels, pay attention to the following points:
l When printing, writing, or attaching labels, keep the labels clean.
l Since the label paper is made of moistureproof material, ink-jet printers and ink pens cannot
be used to print and write labels.
l Labels should be attached neatly. New-type labels are L-shaped. If they are pasted at
incorrect locations or in the incorrect direction, the appearance of the device is affected.
l Power cable ties should be attached in the same positions on power cables, with
identification plates on the same side.
l The positions of "up", "down", "left" or "right" are all based on the viewpoint of the
engineering person who is working on the label.
5.4.2 Engineering Labels for Optical Fibers
These labels are affixed to the optical fibers that connect the optical interfaces on the boards in
a chassis, or on the device boxes. There are two types of labels for optical cables:
l One is for the fiber that connects the optical interfaces on two devices.
l The other is for the fiber that connects the device and the ODF.
Labels for the Optical Fibers Connecting Devices
Meaning of the Label
Table 5-22 lists information on both sides of the labels affixed to the optical fibers that connect
two devices.
Table 5-22 Information on labels affixed to the fibers between two devices
Content
Meaning
Example
MN-B-C-D-
R/T
MN: cabinet
number
M: The cabinet rows from front to back are numbered
from A to Z.
N: The cabinet columns from left to right are numbered
from 01 to 99.
For example, A01 is the cabinet in row A and column 01.
B: chassis
number
Numbered in bottom-up order with two digits, for
example, 01.
C: physical slot
number
Numbered in top-down and left-right order starting from
01. For example, 01 is the first slot at the top left of the
chassis.
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
102
