FCC STATEMENT
to part 15 of
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class A digital
the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide
device, pursuant
reasonable protection against harmful
interference when the equipment is operated in a
commercial environment. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency
energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instruction manual, may cause
harmful
interference to radio communications. Operation of this equipment in a residential
area is likely to cause harmful interference in which case the user will be required to correct
the interference at his own expense.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two
conditions:
1） This device may not cause harmful interference.
2） This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause
undesired operation.
Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance
could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
Note: The manufacturer is not responsible for any radio or TV interference caused by
unauthorized modifications to this equipment. Such modifications could void the user’s
authority to operate the equipment.
FCC RF Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with FCC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled
environment. This device and its antenna must not be co-located or operating in conjunction
with any other antenna or transmitter.
“To comply with FCC RF exposure compliance requirements, this grant is applicable to only
Mobile Configurations. The antennas used for this transmitter must be installed to provide a
separation distance of at
least 20 cm from all persons and must not be co-located or
operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.”
CE Mark Warning
This is a class
interference, in which case the user may be required to take adequate measures.
In a domestic environment,
product.
this product may cause radio
A
RF Exposure Information
