AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
l Improve reliability of the AC power supply system to reduce the necessary capacity of
storage batteries. For small offices, increase the capacity of storage batteries if it is difficult
to enhance reliability of the AC power supply system.
l The total capacity of the high-frequency switching rectifier must satisfy the power of the
communication loading and battery charging. If there are 10 or fewer active rectifier
modules, configure one backup module. If there are more than 10 active modules, configure
one backup module for every 10 active modules.
l Install storage batteries in two or more groups. The capacity is determined by the duration
for which the storage batteries must supply power. For most offices, the batteries should
be able to supply power for at least one hour.
5.3 Equipment Grounding Specifications
5.3.1 General Grounding Specifications
Table 5-16 shows the general grounding specifications.
Table 5-16 General grounding specifications
No.
Description
1
2
3
4
5
The working ground and protective ground, including the shielded ground and the
lightning-proof ground of the cable distribution frame should share the same
grounding conductor.
The cable trays, shells, metal ventilation pipes, metal doors and windows in the
equipment room should be grounded for protection.
The metal parts of the equipment which are electrically floating in normal conditions
should be grounded for protection.
The ground cable must be connected securely to the protective ground bar of the
equipment room.
Do not use other equipment as part of the ground cable or electrical connection.
5.3.2 Grounding Specifications for an Equipment Room
The grounding resistance of a comprehensive communication building should be less than or
equal to one ohm. The grounding resistance of an ordinary communication office should be less
than five ohms. The grounding resistance in an area where the earth resistance rate is high should
be less than 10 ohms.
5.3.3 Grounding Specifications for Devices
Table 5-17 lists the equipment grounding specifications.
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
91
