Introduction
Key Features
•	 Up	to	26	dBm	transmit	power	enabling	long	range	connectivity
•	 Supports	IEEE802.11ac/a/n	wireless	standards	with	up	to	866	 
  Mbps data rate.
•	 Internal	19dBi	high	gain	directional	antenna
•	 Can	be	used	with	included	PoE	adapter	or	via	802.3at	PoE		 
	 802.3at	-	capable	switches.	
•	 Can	be	supply	802.3af	power	source	used	with	included	PoE		 
	 adapter	power	adapter	or	via	802.3at	PoE	-	capable	switches
•	 Secured	Guest	Network	option	available
•	 	Advanced	256-QAM	technology	to	achieve	optimal	performance		 
  throughout ultra-long distance 
Introduction 
The EnStationAC is a high-powered, ultra long-range 2x2  
Wireless	802.11ac/a/n	Outdoor	Access	Point	with	speeds	
up	to	866	Mbps	on	both	its	high-powered	5	GHz	radios.	It	can	
be	configured	as	an:	Access	Point,	Client	Bridge	or	WDS	(AP,	
Station & Bridge). The EnStationAC is designed to operate in 
a variety of outdoor environments. Its high-powered, long-
range characteristics make it a cost effective alternative to 
ordinary Access Points that don’t have the range and reach 
to  connect  to  a  growing  number  of  wireless  CPEs  who 
wish to connect to a business network. The EnStationAC 
supports	the	5	GHz	frequency		band	for	communicating	to	
other	 5GHz	 frequency	 bands	 Access	 Points	 concurrently.	
Several  EnStationACs  can  be  networked  in  a  campus 
setting	 using	 the	 5	 GHz	 band	 between	 countries.	 The	
EnStationAC is easy to install in virtually any location with 
Maximum data rates are based on IEEE 802.11 standards. Actual throughput and range may vary depending on many factors including environmental conditions, distance between 
devices, radio interference in the operating environment, and mix of devices in the network. Features and specifications subject to change without notice. Trademarks and registered 
trademarks are the property of their respective owners. For United States of America: Copyright © 2015 EnGenius Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved.
5
