UPnP 
Chapter 5 Network Tab 
To use the port trigger:  
1.  Click Add in the table of Port Trigger.  
2.  Enter the Incoming Port for incoming traffic. The port or port range is used 
by  the  remote  system  when  it  responds  to  the  outgoing  request.  A 
response to one of these ports will be forwarded to the PC that triggered 
this  rule.  You  can  input  at  most  5  groups  of  ports  (or  port  section).  Every 
group  of  ports  must  be  set  apart  with  ",".  For  example,  2000-2038,  2050-
2051, 2085, 3010-3030. 
3.  Enter the trigger  port for outgoing  traffic. An outgoing connection using 
this port will "Trigger" this rule. 
4.  Choose  the  one  of  the  protocols  used  for  this  application:  TCP,  UDP,  or 
TCP/UDP. 
5.  Click OK after finishing the configuration. 
Select the added entries, you can edit or delete them. 
Check the Enable box to use the UPnP function. If you use applications such as 
multiplayer  gaming,  peer-to-peer  connections,  or  real-time  communications 
such as instant messaging or remote assistance (a feature in Windows XP), you 
should enable the UPnP function. The Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) function 
allows  the  devices,  such  as  Internet  computers,  to  access  the  local  host 
resources  or  devices  as  needed.  Host 
local  area  network  can 
automatically  open  the  corresponding  ports  on  a  router,  and  make  the 
application  of  external  host  access  the  resources  of  the  internal  host  through 
the  opened  ports.  Therefore,  the  functions  limited  to  the  NAT  can  work 
properly.  Compared  to  virtual  server  and  port  triggering,  the  application  of 
UPnP  doesn't  need  manual  settings. 
is  more  convenient  for  some 
applications required unfixed ports.  
in  the 
It 
  App Description – Displays the description provided by the application in 
the UPnP request. 
  External  Port – Displays the external port number that the router opened 
for the service application. 
  Protocol - Displays which type of protocol is opened. 
 
 
Internal  Port – Displays the internal service port number of the local host 
running the service application. 
IP  Address  -  Displays  the  IP  address  of  the  local  host  which  initiates  the 
UPnP request. 
  Status  -  Enabled  means  that  port  is  still  active.  Otherwise,  the  port  is 
inactive. 
- 49 - 
