TP-LINK CORPORATION PTE. LTD.
Request for Confidentiality
Date: May 24, 2024
Subject: Confidentiality Request for: 2BCGWBE700
Pursuant to FCC 47 CFR 0.457(d) and 0.459 and IC RSP-100, Section 12.4, the applicant requests that a part of the
subject FCC application be held confidential.
Type of Confidentiality Requested
☐ Short Term
☐ Short Term
☐ Short Term
☐ Short Term
☐ Short Term
☐ Short Term
☐ Short Term
☐ Short Term
☐ Short Term
☐ Permanent
☐ Permanent *1
☐ Permanent
☐ Permanent
☐ Permanent
☒ Permanent
☐ Permanent *3
Exhibit
Block Diagrams
External Photos
Internal Photos
Operation Description/Theory of Operation
Parts List & Placement/BOM
Tune-Up Procedure
Schematics
Test Setup Photos
User’s Manual
TP-LINK CORPORATION PTE.LTD. has spent substantial effort in developing this product and it is one of the first
of its kind in industry. Having the subject information easily available to "competition" would negate the advantage
they have achieved by developing this product. Not protecting the details of the design will result in financial
hardship.
Permanent Confidentiality:
The applicant requests the exhibits listed above as permanently confidential be permanently withheld from public
review due to materials that contain trade secrets and proprietary information not customarily released to the public.
Short-Term Confidentiality:
The applicant requests the exhibits selected above as short term confidential be withheld from public view for a
period of ___(specify number of days not to exceed 180)2___ days from the date of the Grant of Equipment
Authorization and prior to marketing. This is to avoid premature release of sensitive information prior to marketing
or release of the product to the public. Applicant is also aware that they are responsible to notify ACB in the event
information regarding the product or the product is made available to the public before the requested period has
expired. ACB will then release the documents listed above for public disclosure pursuant to FCC Public Notice DA
04-1705.
NOTE for Industry Canada Applications:
IC currently only distinguishes Permanent Confidentiality exhibits as shown above. Short Term confidentiality is not
considered applicable to IC applications.
Sincerely,
By:
Regulatory Compliance Manager
(Signature/Title3)
Sarah Wang
(Print name)
1 - The asterisked items (*) require further information to be provided to ACB before permanent confidentiality will be extended to these
exhibits. Please refer to FCC KDB 726920 and the specific Document link for D01 found at:
https://apps.fcc.gov/oetcf/kdb/forms/FTSSearchResultPage.cfm?switch=P&id=41731 and review section II, 3) regarding specific
information that must accompany these requests.
2 - Please refer to https://acbcert.com/documents/misc-docs/Memo-Short-Term-Vs-Standard-Confidentiality.pdf
3 - Must be signed by applicant contact given for applicant on the FCC site, or by the authorized agent if an appropriate authorized agent
for complete details.
030122-15
