AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
independent devices. Configure the current-carrying capacity of the protection switch of the
equipment room for more than that of the devices.
Table 5-14 lists the voltage range of the AC power supply for the devices.
Table 5-14 Voltage range of AC power supply
Item
Requirements
AC power capacity to support
the devices
AC power capacity to support
the power modules and
important buildings
Frequency of alternating
current
Voltage wave shape sine
distortion
-10% to +5% of the rated voltage
-15% to +10% of the rated voltage
-4% to +4% of the rated value
Within 5% of the rated voltage
The automated electric generator must have a standard interface that supports
telecommunication protocols, remote telecommunication, monitoring, and control.
AC power cables should meet the following specifications:
l AC neutral should have a conductor with the same cross section as the phase line.
l AC cables should have non-flammable insulation. The layout of AC cables should comply
with local regulations. Low-voltage power distribution rooms should comply with local
regulations.
Recommendations for AC Power Supply
The following are recommendations for the AC power supply.
l If the voltage of the power mains that supply power directly to devices exceeds the rated
voltage by -10% to 5%, or exceeds the voltage range that devices can support, a voltage
regulating device or voltage stabilizing device is required.
l If the mains do not supply power for the device directly, or if the mains voltage exceeds
the rated voltage by -15% to 10% or exceeds the input voltage range of the DC power
supply, a voltage regulating device or voltage stabilizing device is required.
l A UPS or inverter power supply system is required to provide uninterrupted AC power to
support the telecommunication load.
l If abnormalities occur on the mains, telecommunication servers should be equipped with
a self-supplied electric generator to support the key telecommunication load. The capacity
should be not less than 150% to 200% of the total uninterruptible power supply.
l Storage batteries are usually installed in a parallel connection of two groups. UPS storage
batteries are generally installed in one group. The redundancy required for the UPS can
rely on concatenation or parallel connection. When an inverter or a UPS is used, the active
inverter is determined by the maximum power and a backup inverter is required.
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
89
