Laird WB45NBT 
Hardware Integration Guide 
IMPORTANT NOTE:   In the event that these conditions cannot be met (for example, certain laptop 
configurations or co-location with another transmitter), then the FCC 
authorization is no longer considered valid and the FCC ID cannot be used on 
the final product. In these circumstances, the OEM integrator is responsible for 
re-evaluating the end product (including the transmitter) and obtaining a 
separate FCC authorization. 
End Product Labeling 
This transmitter module is authorized only for use in device where the antenna is installed such that 20 
cm is maintained between the antenna and users. The final end product must be labeled in a visible area 
with the following: “Contains FCC ID: SQG-WB45NBT”. 
Manual Information to the End User 
The OEM integrator may NOT provide information to the end user regarding how to install or remove this 
RF module in the user’s manual of the end product which integrates this module. 
The end user manual shall include all required regulatory information/warnings as show in this Hardware 
Integration Guide. 
User’s Guide Requirements (for Model # WB45NBT) 
RF Radiation Hazard Warning  
To ensure compliance with FCC and Industry Canada RF exposure requirements, this device must be 
installed in a location where the antennas of the device will have a minimum distance of at least 20 cm 
from all persons. Using higher gain antennas and types of antennas not certified for use with this product 
is not allowed. The device shall not be co-located with another transmitter. 
Installez l'appareil en veillant à conserver une distance d'au moins 20 cm entre les éléments rayonnants 
et les personnes. Cet avertissement de sécurité est conforme aux limites d'exposition définies par la 
norme CNR-102 at relative aux fréquences radio. 
Maximum Antenna Gain – If the integrator configures the device such that the antenna is detectable from 
the host product. 
"This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard(s). Operation is subject to the 
following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any 
interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. 
Le présent appareil est conforme aux CNR d'Industrie Canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts 
de licence. L'exploitation est autorisée aux deux conditions suivantes : (1) l'appareil ne doit pas produire 
de brouillage, et (2) l'utilisateur de l'appareil doit accepter tout brouillage radioélectrique subi, même si le 
brouillage est susceptible d'en compromettre le fonctionnement. 
Americas: +1-800-492-2320 Option 3 
Europe: +44-1628-858-940 
Hong Kong: +852-2268-6567 x026 
www.lairdtech.com/wireless 
29 
LAIRD WB45NBT_HIG_V0_6 
