3   Pre-Install Preparation
You should complete the following steps before going on-site to perform an installation. 
3.1  Configure Your Network in Dashboard
The following is a brief overview only of the steps required to add an MR52 to your network. For detailed 
instructions about creating, configuring and managing Meraki wireless networks, refer to the Meraki Cloud 
Controller Manual (meraki.com/library/product).
1. Login to http://dashboard.meraki.com. If this is your first time, create a new account.
2. Find the network to which you plan to add your APs or create a new network. 
3. Add your APs to your network. You will need your Meraki order number (found on your invoice if you  
  ordered directly from Meraki) or the serial number of each AP, which looks like Qxxx-xxxx-xxxx, and is  
found on the bottom of the unit.  You will also need your Enterprise Cloud Controller license key, which you  
  should have received via email from shipping@meraki.com.
4. Go to the map / floor plan view and place each AP on the map by clicking and dragging it to the location  
  where you plan to mount it. 
3.2  Check and Upgrade Firmware
To ensure your MR52 performs optimally immediately following installation, Meraki recommends that you 
facilitate a firmware upgrade prior to mounting your MR52.
1. Attach your MR52 to power and a wired Internet connection. See p. 19 of this Hardware Installation 
  Guide for details. 
2. The MR52 will turn on and the Power LED will glow solid orange. If the unit does not require a firmware 
  upgrade, the Power LED will turn white within thirty seconds.  
*   If the unit requires an upgrade, the Power LED will begin blinking orange until the upgrade is complete,  
  at which point the Power LED will turn solid white. You should allow about an hour for the firmware  
  upgrade to complete, depending on the speed of your internet connection.
3.3  Check and Configure Firewall Settings
If a firewall is in place, it must allow outgoing connections on particular ports to particular IP addresses.   
The most current list of outbound ports and IP addresses can be found here:
http://tinyurl.com/y79une3
8
