FAQs 
HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
8.2  W
the te
Step 1  Ch
hat can I do if I cannot visit Web sites
rminal? 
 through 
eck whether the POWER indicator of the terminal is on. 
If t
he POWER indicator is off, perform further checks as follows: 
1.  Ensure that the power switch of the terminal is turned on. 
2. 
Ensure th
at electricity comes from the socket and that the input power of the socket 
meets the requirements described on the label of the terminal power adapt
er. If the 
voltage is unsteady, for example, if the voltage is too high or too low, do no
t use the 
terminal. Wait until the voltage restores to its normal level, and then use the terminal
. 
erly  connected  to  the  socket  through  the  power 
3.  Ensure  that  the  terminal  is  prop
adapter. 
If the POWER indicator is still off, contact an authorized maintenance center. 
Step 2  Aft
er powering on the terminal, wait for about three minutes. Then che
ck whether the 
DSL indicator of the terminal is on. 
If t
he DSL indicator blinks for a long time, perf
orm further checks as follows: 
1.  Ensure  that  telephone  lines  are  properly  connected.  Especially  ensure  th
at  the 
telephone line connecting to the splitter is properly connected. 
2.  Ensure that terminal cables or telephone lines are far f
rom the electric appliances that 
generate strong magnetic or electric fields. 
3.  Replace telephone lines. 
If the DSL indicator still blinks, contact your Internet Service Provider. 
Step 3  Ch
eck whether t
he LAN indicator of the terminal is on. 
If the LAN indicator is off, perform further checks as follows: 
1.  Ensure that the network adapter of the computer is enabled. 
2.  Ensure  that  the  network  cable  between  the  terminal  and  the  comp
uter  is  properly 
connected. 
3.  Remove and then insert the network cable o
r replace the network cable. 
If the LAN indicator is still off, contact an authorized maintenance ce
nter. 
Step 4 
Check whether the driver for the network adapter is properly installed. 
k
e a compute
Ta
the network adapter is installed, do as follows: 
r that runs Windows XP as an example. To check whether the driver for 
1.  On the desktop, right-click My Computer and choose Manage. 
2.  In  the  navigation  tree  of  the  Computer  Management  window,  choose  Device 
Manager. 
3.  In the right pane of the Computer Management window, click Network adapters 
to view the information about the network adapter of the computer. 
If no network adapter is detected or if a question mark (?) or an exclamation mark (!) is 
displayed next
 to the icon of the network adapter, you can infer that the driver for the 
8-2 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
