Note
Some countries, states and provinces do not allow exclusions of implied 
warranties or conditions, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. 
You may have other rights that vary from country to country, state to 
state, or province to province. Some countries, states and provinces do not 
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential 
damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you. EXCEPT TO 
THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LOCAL LAW, THESE WARRANTY TERMS DO 
NOT EXCLUDE, RESTRICT OR MODIFY, AND ARE IN ADDITION TO, THE 
MANDATORY STATUTORY RIGHTS APPLICABLE TO THE LICENSE OF ANY 
SOFTWARE (EMBEDDED IN THE PRODUCT) TO YOU. The United Nations 
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply 
to any transactions regarding the sale of the Products.
Compliance
FCC
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible 
for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to 
the following two conditions.
1.  This device may not cause harmful interference, and
2.  This device must accept any interference received, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation.
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a 
Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are 
designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in 
a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate 
radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with 
the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. 
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference 
to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning 
the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the 
interference by one or more of the following measures:
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
•  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to 
which the receiver is connected.
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
Operations of this equipment in a residential area is likely to cause 
harmful interference in which case the user will be required to correct the 
interference at his own expense.
