HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
Warnings and Precautions 
1 Warnings and Precautions 
To use the device properly and safely, read these warnings and precautions carefully and 
strictly observe them during operation. Unless otherwise specified, the term "device" 
refers to the device 
and its accessories. 
Basic R
equirements 
(cid:122)  During storage, transportation, and operation of the device, keep it dry and prevent it 
from colliding with other objects. 
(cid:122)  Do not dismantle the device. In case of any fault, contact an authorized service center 
for assistance or repair. 
(cid:122)  Without  authorization,  no  organization  or  individual  can  change  the  mechanical, 
safety, or performance design of the device. 
(cid:122)  When using the device, observe all applicable laws and regulations and respect the 
legal rights of other people. 
Enviro
nmental Requirements for Using the Device 
(cid:122) 
Before  connecting  and  disconnecting  cables,  stop  using  the  device,  and  then 
disconnect  it  from  the  power  supply.  Ensure  that  your  hands  are  dry  du
ring 
operation. 
(cid:122)  Keep the device far from sources of heat and fire, such as a heater or a candle. 
(cid:122)  Keep  the  device  far  from  electronic
  appliances  that  generate  strong  magnetic  or 
electric fields, such as a microwave oven or a refrigerator. 
(cid:122)  Place the device on a stable surface. 
(cid:122) 
Place the d
evice in a cool and well-ventilated indoor area. Do not expose the device 
to direct sunlight. Use the device in an area with a temperature ranging from 0°C to 
40°C. 
(cid:122)  Do not block the openings on the device with any object. Reserve a minimum space 
(cid:122) 
of 10 cm around the device for heat dissipation. 
Do not place any object (such as a candle or a water container) on the device. If any 
foreign object or
 liquid enters the device, stop using the device immediately, power it 
off,  remove  all  the  cables  connected  to  it,  and  then  contact  an  authorized  service 
center. 
(cid:122)  During  thunderstorms,  power  off  the  device,  and  then  remove  all  the  cables 
connected to it to prevent it from getting damaged due to lightning strikes. 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
1-1 
