Chapter 10 Log Settings
Table 36   Log Settings (continued)
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
SMTP Authentication
SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) is the message-exchange standard for the 
Internet. Select the check box to activate SMTP authentication. If mail server 
authentication is needed but this feature is disabled, you will not receive the e-mail 
logs.
If you use SMTP authentication, the mail receiver should be the owner of the SMTP 
account.
User Name
If your e-mail account requires SMTP authentication, enter the username here.
Password
Enter the password associated with the above username.
Syslog Logging
Syslog logging sends a log to an external syslog server used to store logs.
Syslog Logging
Select the check box to enable syslog logging.
Syslog Server IP 
Address 
Enter the IP address of the syslog server that will log the selected categories of logs.
Syslog Port 
Number
Enter the port number of the syslog server that will log the selected categories of 
logs.
Send Log
Log Schedule
This drop-down menu is used to configure the frequency of log messages being sent 
as E-mail: 
• When Log is Full
• Hourly
• Daily
• Weekly
• None. 
If the Weekly or the Daily option is selected, specify a time of day when the E-mail 
should be sent. If the Weekly option is selected, then also specify which day of the 
week the E-mail should be sent. If the When Log is Full option is selected, an alert 
is sent when the log fills up. If you select None, no log messages are sent.
This field is only available when you select Weekly in the Log Schedule field.
Use the drop down list box to select which day of the week to send the logs. 
Day for Sending 
Log
Time for Sending 
Log
Enter the time of the day in 24-hour format (for example 23:00 equals 11:00 pm) to 
send the logs. 
Clear log after 
sending mail
Select the check box to clear all logs after logs and alert messages are sent via e-
mail.
Log Category
System 
Maintenance
Click this to receive logs related to system maintenance.
System Error
Click this to receive logs related to system errors.
802.1x
Wireless
Email Log Now
Click this to receive logs related to the 802.1x mode.
Click this to receive logs related to the wireless function.
Select the categories of alerts for which you want the NWA1121-NI to immediately 
send e-mail alerts.
Apply
Cancel
Click Apply to save your customized settings. 
Click Cancel to begin configuring this screen afresh.
118
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
