Appendix 
9.3 Glossary 
ACS 
HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
Automatic Configuration Server 
A Web-based management system encompassing configuration and administration of an 
end-to-end IP communications solution. On your automatic-configuration server, create 
global groups that correspond to your .ins file name (without the extension)—for 
example, IE_groupname. 
ADSL 
Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line 
ADSL is a technology for transmitting digital information at a high bandwidth on 
existing phone lines to homes and businesses. Unlike regular dial-up phone service, 
ADSL provides continuously-available, "always on" connection. ADSL is asymmetric in 
that it uses most of the channel to transmit downstream to the user and only a small part 
to receive information from the user. ADSL simultaneously accommodates analog 
(voice) information on the same line. ADSL is generally offered at downstream data 
rates from 512 kbit/s to about 6 Mbit/s. 
ADSL2+ 
Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line 2+ 
ADSL2plus doubles the bandwidth used for downstream data transmission, effectively 
doubling the maximum downstream data rates, and achieving rates of 20 Mbit/s on 
phone lines as long as 5,000 feet. ADSL2plus solutions will most commonly be 
multimode, interoperating with ADSL and ADSL2, as well as with ADSL2plus chipsets. 
ATM 
Asynchronous Transfer Mode 
Asynchronous transfer mode is a high-performance, cell-oriented switching and 
multiplexing technology that utilizes fixed-length packets to carry different types of 
traffic. ATM was originally conceived as a high-speed transfer technology for voice, 
video, and data over public networks. 
Browser 
A computer program that allows users to view information from the Internet. To use a 
browser, you type in the URL of a website, the browser then connects your computer to 
the website, and displays the information on your screen. 
DHCP 
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol 
9-2 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
