o Or Keep holding the button for 5 more seconds until until LED turns off, then release it to make the 
RouterBOARD look for Netinstall servers (total 15 seconds)
Operating System Support
Currently tested operating system is MikroTik RouterOS starting from version v6.28
Copyright and Warranty information
Copyright MikroTikls SIA. This document contains information protected by copyright law. No part of it may be
reproduced or transmitted in any form without prior written permission from the copyright holder. RouterBOARD,
RouterOS, RouterBOOT and MikroTik are trademarks of MikroTikls SIA. All trademarks and registered trademarks
appearing in this document are the property of their respective holders.
Hardware.  MikroTik warrants all RouterBOARD series equipment for the term of twelve (12) months from the
shipping date to be free of defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service, except in case of
damage caused by mechanical, electrical or other accidental or intended damages caused by improper use or due
to wind, rain, fire or other acts of nature.
To return failed units to MikroTik, you must perform the following RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization)
procedure. Follow the instructions below to save time, efforts, avoid costs, and improve the speed of the RMA
process.
1.
If you have purchased your product from a MikroTik Reseller, please contact the Reseller company
regarding all warranty and repair issues, the following instructions apply ONLY if you purchased your
equipment directly from MikroTik in Latvia.
2. MikroTik does not offer repairs for products that are not covered by warranty. Exceptions can be made for:
CCR1016-12G, CCR1016-12G-BU, CCR1036-12G-4S, RB1100, RB1100AH, RB1100AHx2, RB1200,
RB600, RB600A and RB800 as a paid service (fees apply).
3. Out-of-warranty devices and devices not covered by warranty sent to Mikrotik will be returned to the sender
at sender's cost. If the customer has not organized return of such rejected devices within 12 months from
the day of arrival, MikroTik has the right to discard them. 
RMA Instructions are located on our webpage here: http://rma.mikrotik.com
This document is provided “as is” without a warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to,
the implied warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The manufacturer has made every
effort to ensure the accuracy of the contents of this document, however, it is possible that it may contain technical
inaccuracies, typographical or other errors. No liability is assumed for any inaccuracy found in this publication, nor
for direct or indirect, incidental, consequential or other damages that may result from such an inaccuracy, including,
but not limited to, loss of data or profits. Please report any inaccuracies found to support@mikrotik.com
See www.routerboard.com for more information. Contact support@mikrotik.com
30-Apr-15
