Wireless Installation Factors
The N300 Wi-Fi Range Extender lets you extend the reach of your existing wireless network, allowing you to work wirelessly 
from more places in your home or office. Keep in mind, however, that the number, thickness, and location of walls, ceilings, 
or other objects that the wireless signals must pass through, may limit the range. Typical ranges vary depending on the types 
of materials and background RF (radio frequency) noise in your home or business. The key to maximizing wireless range is to 
follow these basic guidelines:
1.  Keep the number of walls and ceilings between the extender and other network devices to a minimum - each wall or ceiling can 
reduce your adapter’s range by up to 98 feet (30 meters). Position your devices so that the number of walls or ceilings is minimized.
2. Be aware of the direct line between network devices. At a 45-degree angle, a wall that is 0.5 meters thick (1.5 feet) appears to be 
almost 1 meter (3 feet) thick. At a 2-degree angle it can appear over 14 meters (45 feet) thick! Position devices so that the signal 
will travel straight through a wall or ceiling (instead of at an angle) for better reception.
3.  Building materials make a difference. A solid metal door or aluminum studs may have a negative effect on range. Try to position 
access points, wireless routers, and computers so that the signal passes through drywall or open doorways. Materials and objects 
such as glass, steel, metal, walls with insulation, water (fish tanks), mirrors, file cabinets, brick, and concrete can degrade your 
wireless signal.
4.  Keep your product away (at least 3-6 feet or 1-2 meters) from electrical devices or appliances that generate RF noise.
5.  If you are using 2.4 GHz cordless phones or X-10 (wireless products such as ceiling fans, lights, and home security systems), your 
wireless connection may degrade dramatically or drop completely. Make sure your 2.4 GHz phone base is as far away from your 
wireless devices as possible. The base transmits a signal even if the phone in not in use.
D-Link DAP-1330 User Manual
7
