3.  In the Internet Options dialog box, click the Connections tab. 
4.  In the Local  Area  Network  (LAN)  settings group box, click LAN 
Settings. 
5.  In the Proxy server group box of the Local Area Network (LAN) 
Settings  dialog  box,  ensure  that  the  Use  a  proxy  server  for  your 
LAN  (These  settings  will  not  apply  to  dial-up  or  VPN 
connections). check box is cleared. 
Step 8  Try to access multiple Web sites to check whether the terminal can access 
these Web sites. 
If the terminal still cannot access Web sites, contact your network service 
provider. 
What can I do if Web pages often cannot be displayed during Web page browsing 
and can be displayed after the terminal is restarted? 
Step 1  Ensure  that  the  terminal  and  other  devices,  such  as  telephones  or  fax 
machines, are connected to telephone lines through a splitter. 
For details about how to install a splitter, see the related description in the 
manual. 
Step 2  Ensure that telephone lines are properly connected. 
If  the  telephone  lines  are  improperly  connected,  the  stability  of  the 
network connection is affected. 
Step 3  Check the positions of your terminal and your computer. Ensure that they 
are far from electric appliances, such as microwave ovens, refrigerators, 
or cordless telephones, that generate strong magnetic or electric fields. 
If the problem persists, contact your service provider. 
What can I do if sometimes the terminal cannot access the Internet through a WLAN 
connection or if the WLAN connection is unsteady? 
Step 1  Check the positions of your terminal and your computer. Ensure that they 
are  far  from  the  electric  appliances,  such  as  microwave  ovens, 
refrigerators,  or  cordless  telephones,  that  generate  strong  magnetic  or 
electric fields. 
Step 2  Place your terminal in an open area. 
Although  radio  signals  can  pass  through  obstacles,  the  transmission 
effects of WLAN radio signals are affected if radio signals pass through 
too many obstacles, such as cement or wooden walls. 
Step 3  Place your computer close to your terminal. 
If your computer is far from your terminal, the effects of the WLAN are 
affected. 
18 
