Specifications
CE Warning
This  is  a  product  with  CE  certification.  In  a  domestic  environment,  this  product  may  cause  radio 
interference, in which case the user may be required to take adequate measures.
AN-100-AP-I-N FCC Statement
Federal Communication Commission Interference Statement
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference 
received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
This  equipment  has  been  tested  and  found  to  comply  with  the  limits  for  a  Class  B  digital  device, 
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules.  These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against 
harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio 
frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful 
interference to radio communications.  However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur 
in  a  particular  installation.    If  this  equipment  does  cause  harmful  interference  to  radio  or  television 
reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try 
to correct the interference by one of the following measures:
•  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
• 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
•  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is 
connected.
•  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
FCC  Caution:  Any  changes  or  modifications  not  expressly  approved  by  the  party  responsible  for 
compliance could void the user’s authority to operate this equipment.
This  transmitter  must  not  be  co-located  or  operating  in  conjunction  with  any  other  antenna  or 
transmitter.
Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator 
& your body.
Industry Canada statement:
This device complies with RSS-210 of the Industry Canada Rules. Operation is subject to the following 
two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any 
interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
Ce  dispositif  est  conforme  à  la  norme  CNR-210  d’Industrie  Canada  applicable  aux  appareils  radio 
exempts de licence. Son fonctionnement est sujet aux deux conditions suivantes: (1) le dispositif ne 
doit pas produire de brouillage préjudiciable, et (2) ce dispositif doit accepter tout brouillage reçu, y 
compris un brouillage susceptible de provoquer un fonctionnement indésirable. 
Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with IC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator 
& your body.
-Return to Table of Contents-
93
