4.  Click Submit. 
Step 3  Set WAN parameters. 
1.  In the navigation tree, choose Basic > WAN. 
2.  Select a PVC from the Layer2 interface drop-down combo box. 
(cid:122)  The name of this PVC should begin with atm. 
(cid:122)  The DSL link type of this ATM PVC should be EoA. 
3.  Select Enable for WAN connection. 
4.  Select a service from the Service list drop-down list box. 
5.  Select a LAN interface from the Port binding check box. 
6.  Select Route from the Connection mode drop-down list box. 
7.  Select PPPoE from the Connection type option button. 
8.  Enter the User name and Password provided by the ISP. 
9.  Click Submit. 
After you complete the preceding settings, you can surf the Internet. 
You need to perform the preceding operations on a computer once only. The next time 
when you power on your computer, you can surf the Internet without any configuration. 
3.2 Accessing the Network Through the PPP 
Dial-Up Software on Your Computer 
If you select this method for accessing the network, you need to install and configure 
the dial-up software on your computer. In addition, you need to perform dial-up 
operations on your computer upon each startup. To configure the HG622 and your 
computer for the network access, do as follows: 
Step 1  Set the working mode of the HG622 to Bridge. 
For details, refer to the procedure for enabling the embedded dial-up function described 
in Step 3 in section 3.1 "Accessing the Network Through the Embedded PPP Dial-Up 
Software on the HG622." Note that Bridge is selected from the Connection mode 
drop-down list box. 
Step 2 
Install and configure the PPP dial-up software on your computer. 
The PPP dial-up software is pre-installed on certain computer operating systems. To 
create a dial-up connection, do as follows (taking the Windows XP operating system as 
an example): 
1.  Choose Start > All Programs > Accessories > Communications > 
Network Connections. 
2.  Click Create a new connection in Network Tasks to display the New 
Connection Wizard window, and then click Next. 
3.  Select Connect to the Internet, and then click Next. 
10 
