A PPENDIX    G
Legal Information
Copyright
Copyright © 2014 by ZyXEL Communications Corporation.
The contents of this publication may not be reproduced in any part or as a whole, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into 
any language, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, magnetic, optical, chemical, photocopying, manual, or 
otherwise, without the prior written permission of ZyXEL Communications Corporation.
Published by ZyXEL Communications Corporation. All rights reserved.
Disclaimers
ZyXEL does not assume any liability arising out of the application or use of any products, or software described herein. Neither does it 
convey any license under its patent rights nor the patent rights of others. ZyXEL further reserves the right to make changes in any 
products described herein without notice. This publication is subject to change without notice.
Your use of the NWA is subject to the terms and conditions of any related service providers. 
Trademarks
Trademarks mentioned in this publication are used for identification purposes only and may be properties of their respective owners.
Certifications
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Interference Statement
The device complies with Part 15 of FCC rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
• This device may not cause harmful interference.
• This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operations.
This device has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These 
limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This device generates, uses, 
and can radiate radio frequency energy, and if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference 
to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation.
If this device does cause harmful interference to radio/television reception, which can be determined by turning the device off and on, the 
user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
1
2
3
4
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
FCC Caution: Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user's authority 
to operate this equipment. 
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement
• This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 
•
IEEE 802.11b, 802.11g or 802.11n (20MHz) operation of this product in the U.S.A. is firmware-limited to channels 1 through 11.  IEEE 
802.11n (40MHz) operation of this product in the U.S.A. is firmware-limited to channels 3 through 9. 
• To comply with FCC RF exposure compliance requirements, a separation distance of at least 20 cm must be maintained between the 
antenna of this device and all persons. 
Industry Canada Statement 
This device complies with RSS-210 of the Industry Canada Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
1) this device may not cause interference and
2) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device
This device has been designed to operate with an antenna having a maximum gain of 3dBi.
Antenna having a higher gain is strictly prohibited per regulations of Industry Canada. The required antenna impedance is 50 ohms.
To reduce potential radio interference to other users, the antenna type and its gain should be so chosen that the EIRP is not more than 
required for successful communication.
NWA1000 Series User’s Guide
198
