< TP-Link Technologies Co., Ltd.> 
<Building 24 (floors 1,3,4,5) and 28 (floors1-4), Central 
Science and Technology Park,Nanshan Shenzhen, 
518057 China> 
address if the device supports any of the country code configurations or peer-peer mode 
communications discussed in KDB 594280 Publication D01. 
SOFTWARE CONFIGURATION DESCRIPTION 
USER 
CONFIGURATION   
GUIDE 
1.  Describe the user configurations permitted 
through the UI. If different levels of access 
are permitted for professional installers, 
system integrators or end-users, describe 
the differences. 
Authorized channel, bandwidth, and 
modulation can be configured through 
the UI.   
There are no different levels of access. 
a. What parameters are viewable and 
configurable by different parties? 
Authorized channel, bandwidth, and 
modulation. 
b. What parameters are accessible or 
This is not professional install device. 
modifiable by the professional installer 
or system integrators? 
(1) Are the parameters in some way limited, 
This is not professional install device. 
so that the installers will not enter 
parameters that exceed those 
authorized? 
(2) What controls exist that the user cannot 
operate the device outside its 
authorization in the U.S.? 
The RF Parameters is put in read-only 
partition of EUT’s flash and are only 
installed in the factory. RF parameters 
including frequency of operation, 
power setting, modulation type, 
antenna types or country code setting 
will be locked in this partition. 
c. What parameters are accessible or 
The end user is able to configure the 
modifiable by the end-user? 
operation frequency, modulation, 
reduce the output power levels etc. 
The end user cannot change the 
antenna gain and country code, those 
settings are programmed at factory 
production time.   
(1) Are the parameters in some way 
This is not professional install device. 
limited, so that the user or installers 
will not enter parameters that exceed 
those authorized? 
(2) What controls exist so that the user 
cannot operate the device outside its 
authorization in the U.S.? 
3 
The RF Parameters is put in read-only 
partition of EUT’s flash and are only 
installed in the factory. RF parameters 
including frequency of operation, 
power setting, modulation type, 
antenna types or country code setting 
