                                  RG-EW1200G PRO    1300M Dual-band Wireless Router 
3  Product Features 
High-performance Gigabit Routing   
The device supports 4 Gigabit Ethernet ports and wireless access rate of up to 1267M. The 
powerful dual-core hyper-threading CPU, combined with the hardware NAT feature, performs 
high-speed data forwarding and maximizes the broadband performance. For gigabit broadband 
speed test of the wired network port, after deducting the basic network overhead, the measured 
network speed can reach more than 980M. 
1267M Dual-Band Integration Offering Low Interference and Fast Internet Speed 
Affected  by  the  actual  application  environment,  the  2.4GHz  frequency  band  has  high 
interference and the testing speed is usually only 40 to 50M, which is unlikely to reach 100M. 
RG-EW1200G  PRO  provides  both  2.4GHz  and  5GHz  wireless frequency  bands  at  the  same 
time.  The  2.4GHz  frequency  band  offers  good  penetration,  long  transmission  and  wide 
coverage,  providing  good  basic  signal  coverage.  The  5GHz  frequency  band  features  low 
interference,  high  speed,  and  low  latency,  providing  better  experience  when  watching  HD 
videos and playing online games. The SSIDs of 2.4GHz and 5GHz can be set separately, or the 
two  can  be  combined  into  one,  offering  dual-band  concurrent  access,  5G  priority  and  smart 
identification, which provides better Internet experience. 
Optimize 2.4G to Increase the Limit of Smart Terminal Connections 
In view of the widespread adoption of smart terminals such as smart homes and wireless 
cameras,  the  device  has  applied  the  Wi-Fi  5  chip  for  Wi-Fi  4  device  access  to  increase  the 
maximum  access  rate  of the  2.4GHz band  from  300Mbps  to  400Mbps,  and  provide  a  higher 
limit for the number of smart terminal connections. An independent Wi-Fi signal for smart home 
can be set up for secure and reliable connection. 
MU-MIMO Offers Higher Transmission Efficiency 
The  device  supports  802.11ac  Wave2  MU-MIMO 
(multi-user,  multiple-input, 
multiple-output),  changing  the  previous  inefficient  transmission  method  in  which  only  one 
terminal  can  occupy  the  channel  at  a  time.  MU-MIMO  allows  the  device  to  transmit  data  to 
multiple  terminals  concurrently.  Multi-terminal  concurrent  transmission  is  no  longer  in 
competitive mode, which improves the multi-user experience by 50% and offers extremely fast 
Internet access for all users.   
Professional RF Design Multiplies the Coverage Distance 
The  quad-stream  independent  FEM  design  ensures  that  the  LNA  amplifies  the  received 
signal power during signal transmission to effectively improve the receiving sensitivity and to a 
certain extent reduce the problems caused by the unbalanced power between the router and the 
3 
