3.4 Assigning IP Addresses to MR52s
All gateway MR52s (MR52s with Ethernet connections to the LAN) must be assigned routable IP addresses.  
These IP addresses can be dynamically assigned via DHCP or statically assigned.
3.4.1 Dynamic Assignment
When using DHCP, the DHCP server should be configured to assign a static IP address for each MAC address   
belonging to a Meraki AP.  Other features of the wireless network such as 802.1x authentication, may rely on the  
property that the APs have static IP addresses.
3.4.2 Static Assignment
Static IPs are assigned using the local web server on each AP.  The following procedure describes how to set  
the static IP:
1. Using a client machine (e.g. a laptop), connect to the AP either wirelessly (by associating to any SSID  
  broadcast by the AP) or over a wired connection.
If using a wired connection, connect the client machine to the MR52 either through a PoE switch or a Meraki  
  PoE Injector.  If using a PoE switch, plug an Ethernet cable into the MR52’s Ethernet jack, and the other end  
into a PoE switch.  Then connect the client machine over Ethernet cable to the PoE switch.  If using a Meraki  
  PoE Injector, connect the MR52 to the “PoE” port of the Injector, and the client machine to the “LAN” port.
2. Using a web browser on the client machine, access the AP’s built-in web server by browsing to  
  http://my.meraki.com.  Alternatively, browse to http://10.128.128.128.
3. Click on the “Static IP Configuration” tab.  Log in.  The default user name is “admin”.  The default password is  
the AP’s serial number, with hyphens included 
4. Configure the static IP address, net mask, gateway IP address and DNS servers that this AP will use on its  
  wired connection.
5. If necessary, reconnect the AP to the LAN.
3.4.3 Static IP via DHCP Reservations
Instead of associating to each Meraki AP individually to configure static IP addresses, an administrator can assign  
static IP addresses on the upstream DHCP server.  Through “DHCP reservations”, IP addresses are “reserved” for the  
MAC addresses of the Meraki APs.  Please consult the documentation for the DHCP server to configure DHCP 
reservations. 
9
