“To comply with FCC RF exposure compliance requirements, this grant is applicable to only Mobile 
Configurations. The antennas used for this transmitter must be installed to provide a separation 
distance of at least 20 cm from all persons and must not be co-located or operating in conjunction 
with any other antenna or transmitter.”
Product Name: PoE Adapter
Model Number: TL-POE2412G/T240050-2-POE/T240100-2-PoE
Responsible party:  
TP-Link USA Corporation, d/b/a TP-Link North America, Inc. 
Address: 145 South State College Blvd. Suite 400, Brea, CA 92821 
Website: https://www.tp-link.com/us/ 
Tel: +1 626 333 0234 
Fax: +1 909 527 6803 
E-mail: sales.usa@tp-link.com
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, 
pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection 
against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can 
radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, 
may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that 
interference  will  not  occur  in  a  particular  installation.  If  this  equipment  does  cause  harmful 
interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment 
off  and  on,  the  user  is  encouraged  to  try  to  correct  the  interference  by  one  or  more  of  the 
following measures:
 • Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
 •
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
 • Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is 
connected.
 • Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/ TV technician for help.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two 
conditions:
1) This device may not cause harmful interference.
2) This  device  must  accept  any  interference  received,  including  interference  that  may  cause 
undesired operation.
Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance 
could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
We, TP-Link USA Corporation, has determined that the equipment shown as above has been 
shown to comply with the applicable technical standards, FCC part 15. There is no unauthorized 
change is made in the equipment and the equipment is properly maintained and operated.
Issue Date:  2020/02/17
