Authentication 
Timeout
Specify the value of authentication timeout.
A client’s authentication will expire after the authentication timeout and 
the client needs to log in to the authentication page again to access the 
network.
Options include 1 Hour, 8 Hours, 24 Hours, 7 Days, and Custom. With 
Custom selected, you can customize the time in days, hours, and minutes.
Redirect
With  this  function  configured,  the  newly  authenticated  client  will  be 
redirected to the specific URL.
Redirect URL
With Redirect enabled, you also need to enter the URL in this field. The 
newly authenticated client will be redirected to this URL.
Portal 
Customization
Configure the authentication page. There are two options: Local Web 
Portal and External Web Portal.
 ·
Local Web Portal
Enter the title and term of use in the two boxes. The EAP uses its built-
in web server to provide this authentication page for clients. To  pass 
the  authentication, clients need to provide the correct username and 
password in the Username and Password fields, check the box of I accept 
the Term of Use and click the Login button.
 ·
External Web Portal
With  External  Web  Portal  configured,  the  authentication  page  will  be 
provided  by  the  web  portal  server  built  on  the  network.  To  configure 
External Web Portal, you need to complete the following configurations:
1. Build an external web portal server on your network and make sure that 
it is reachable by the EAP.
2. On this configuration page, enter the URL of the authentication page 
provided by the external portal server.
3. Add the external web portal server to the Free Authentication Policy 
list.  In  this  way,  clients  can  access  the  web  portal  server  before 
authenticated. For details about how to configure Free Authentication 
Policy, refer to Configure Free Authentication Policy.
4. Click Save.
5. Go to the  Wireless > Wireless Settings page and enable the Portal  option for the 
specific SSID. Then the portal authentication feature will take effect on this SSID.
 35
