Appendix E Legal Information
• This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause 
undesired operations.
This device has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device pursuant 
to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against 
harmful interference in a residential installation. This device generates, uses, and can radiate radio 
frequency energy, and if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause 
harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will 
not occur in a particular installation.
If this device does cause harmful interference to radio/television reception, which can be 
determined by turning the device off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the 
interference by one or more of the following measures:
1
2
3
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is 
connected.
4
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
FCC Caution: Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for 
compliance could void the user's authority to operate this equipment. 
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement
• This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or 
transmitter. 
• IEEE 802.11b, 802.11g or 802.11n (20MHz) operation of this product in the U.S.A. is firmware-
limited to channels 1 through 11.  IEEE 802.11n (40MHz) operation of this product in the U.S.A. 
is firmware-limited to channels 3 through 9. 
• To comply with FCC RF exposure compliance requirements, a separation distance of at least 20 
cm must be maintained between the antenna of this device and all persons. 
Industry Canada Statement (For all products)
This device complies with RSS-210 of the Industry Canada Rules. Operation is subject to the 
following two conditions:
1) this device may not cause interference and
2) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired 
operation of the device
This device has been designed to operate with an antenna having a maximum gain of 2dBi.
196
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
