                                  RG-EW1200G PRO    1300M Dual-band Wireless Router 
Wi-Fi terminal, such as false signal and terminal signal unable to transmit back to the router. In 
addition, the external omnidirectional antennas also further ensure the Wi-Fi signal coverage. 
Exclusive Easy Link Technology Enables Zero-configuration Networking for Multiple Devices 
Easy-Link is a networking technology self-developed by Ruijie for multiple wireless routers’ 
connection,  which  supports  both  plug-in  and  one-key  pairing.  Without  requiring  any 
pre-configuration, you can complete the multiple devices pairing process, additional equipment 
installation, and coverage optimization with zero threshold. Multiple wireless routers connected 
by  Easy-Link  Technology  can  intelligently  identify  the  connection  status  and  automatically 
switch between wireless relay and wired relay modes to improve network reliability. 
Easy-Link Technology Offers Seamless Roaming without Disconnection 
The Easy-Link Technology supports wired or wireless networking of multiple devices. The 
RF  adjustment  algorithm  applied  to  millions  of  Ruijie  enterprise-grade  APs  can  provide 
seamless  roaming  between  the  equipment  and  fast  switching  between  2.4GHz  and  5GHz. 
When users walk around under the Wi-Fi signal coverage, the optimal frequency band selection 
and network switching will be automatically performed without service interruption. 
Parental Control Allow Parents to Monitor Their Child's Internet Use 
Users can control the Internet access authority of the specified terminal through the Ruijie 
Cloud App and set rules to limit the online duration of the specified terminal.   
Wi-Fi Acceleration Mode Put You One Step Ahead of Other Players 
The Wi-Fi acceleration mode improves the anti-interference of the device and the wireless 
channel  efficiency  under  high-interference  environment,  thereby  reducing  game  delays  and 
putting you one step ahead of other players. 
Temporary Authorization for Remote Management 
Users can use the Ruijie Cloud App for smart network inspection to determine the current 
network failures. Users can also temporarily grant network authorization and share network to 
technical personnel who can do remote-diagnosis through various technical tools such as Ruijie 
Cloud app and MACC cloud platform, to avoid unnecessary on-site services. 
Professional Heat Dissipation Design for Long-Term Stable Operation 
The CPU uses metal sheet for heat dissipation, offering heat dissipation coefficient close to 
200W/m*K,  which  is  20  times  that  of  the  traditional  ceramic  heat-sinks.  With  an  excellent 
aerodynamic  heat  dissipation  structure  design,  the  internal  temperature  of  the  equipment  is 
greatly  reduced.  Long-term  high-speed  operation  is  stable  and  reliable,  avoiding  stability 
problems such as speed reduction and crashes caused by excessive temperature. 
Enterprise-grade product design supporting connection with enterprise-grade equipment 
The device can be deployed with Ruijie Reyee enterprise-grade gateway and AP for hybrid 
deployment, unified management, unified configuration, and seamless roaming. 
4 
