Wireless Installation Considerations
The D-Link Wireless PoE Outdoor Access point lets you access your network using a wireless connection from virtually anywhere 
within the operating range of your wireless network. Keep in mind, however, that the number, thickness and location of walls, 
ceilings, or other objects that the wireless signals must pass through, may limit the range. Typical ranges vary depending on 
the types of materials and background RF (radio frequency) noise in your home or business. The key to maximizing wireless 
range is to follow these basic guidelines:
1. Keep the number of walls and ceilings between the D-Link access point and other network devices to a minimum. 
Each wall or ceiling can reduce your adapter’s range from 3-90 feet (1-30 meters). Position your devices so that 
the number of walls or ceilings is minimized.
2. Be aware of the direct line between network devices. A wall that is 1.5 feet thick (.5 meters), at a 45-degree 
angle appears to be almost 3 feet (1 meter) thick. At a 2-degree angle it looks over 42 feet (14 meters) thick! 
Position devices so that the signal will travel straight through a wall or ceiling (instead of at an angle) for better 
reception.
3. Building materials make a difference. A solid metal door or aluminum studs may have a negative effect on 
range. Try to position access points, wireless access points, and computers so that the signal passes through 
drywall or open doorways. Materials and objects such as glass, steel, metal, walls with insulation, water (fish 
tanks), mirrors, file cabinets, brick, and concrete will degrade your wireless signal.
4. Keep your product away (at least 3-6 feet or 1-2 meters) from electrical devices or appliances that generate RF 
noise.
5. If you are using 2.4GHz cordless phones or X-10 (wireless products such as ceiling fans, lights, and home security 
systems), your wireless connection may degrade dramatically or drop completely. Make sure your 2.4 Hz phone 
base is as far away from your wireless devices as possible. The base transmits a signal even if the phone is not 
in use.
12
