Appendix A – FCC Interference Statement 
Federal Communication Commission Interference Statement 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. 
These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment 
generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause 
harmful  interference  to  radio  communications.    However,  there  is  no  guarantee  that  interference  will  not  occur  in  a  particular 
installation.  If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning 
the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one of the following measures: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that 
to which the receiver is connected. 
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help. 
FCC  Caution:  Any  changes  or  modifications  not  expressly  approved  by  the  party  responsible  for  compliance  could  void  the  user's 
authority to operate this equipment. 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause 
harmful  interference,  and  (2)  this  device  must  accept  any  interference  received,  including  interference  that  may  cause  undesired 
operation. 
This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 
Operations in the 5.15-5.25GHz band are restricted to indoor usage only. 
IMPORTANT NOTE: 
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement: 
This  equipment  complies  with  FCC  radiation  exposure  limits  set  forth  for  an  uncontrolled  environment.  This  equipment  should  be 
installed and operated with minimum distance 33cm between the radiator & your body. 
72 
