(cid:122)  During  thunderstorms,  power  off  the  device,  and  then  remove  all  the  cables 
connected to it to prevent it from getting damaged due to lightning strikes. 
Precautions for Using Wireless Devices 
(cid:122) 
(cid:122) 
The antenna(s) used for
distance of at least 20 cm from all persons. 
 this transmitter must be installed to provide a separation 
Do  not  use  the  device  where  using  wireless  devices  is  prohibited  or  may  cause 
interference or danger. 
(cid:122)  The  radio  waves  generated  by  the  device  may  interfere  with  the  operation  of 
 you are using any electrical medical device, contact 
electronic medical devices. If
its manufacturer for the restrictions on the use of the device. 
(cid:122)  Do  not  take  the  device  into  operating  rooms
,  intensive  care  units  (ICUs),  or 
coronary care units (CCUs). 
eas with Inflammables and Explosives 
Ar
(cid:122)  Do not use the device where inflammables or explosives are stored, for example, in 
l depot, or chemical plant. Otherwise, explosions or fires may occur. 
a gas station, oi
In addition, follow the instructions indicated in text or symbols. 
(cid:122)  Do not store or transport the device 
in the same box as inflammable liquids, gases, 
or explosives. 
Ac
(cid:122) 
cessory Requirements 
Use  only  the  accessories  supplied  or  authori
zed  by  the  device  manufacturer. 
Otherwise,  the  performance  of the  device  may get affected, the  warranty  for  the 
device  or  the  law
s  and  regulations  related  to  telecommunications  terminals  may 
become null and void, or an injury may occur. 
(cid:122) 
(cid:122) 
Do not use t
fires may occur. 
he power adapter if its cable is damaged. Otherwise, electric shocks or 
Ensure  that  the  power  adapter  meets  the  specifications  indicated  on  the  device 
nameplate. 
(cid:122)  Ensure  that  the  power  adapter  meets  the  requirements  of  Clause  2.5  in 
50-1 and it is tested and approved according to national or local 
IEC60950-1/EN609
standards. 
Safety of Children 
Keep the device and its accessories out of the reach of children. Otherwise, they may 
damage  the  device  and  its  accessories  by  mistake,  or  they  may  swallow  the  small 
components of the device, causing suffocation or other dangerous situations. 
2 
