Hardware Installation
2
The EAP can be ceiling-mounted or wall-mounted. Choose a mounting method according to your needs. Follow the 
steps below for the appropriate installation.
Option2: Wall Mounting
Note: For security reasons, it is not recommended to install the EAP with the louver downward.
Quick Installation Guide
Wireless Access Point
Option 1: Ceiling Mounting
Option 2: Wall Mounting
Option1: Ceiling Mounting
Note: Make sure that the ceiling tile is bigger than the EAP.
Setup with videos
Visit https://www.tp-link.com/support/setup-video/ or scan the QR code to search for 
the setup video of your product model.
Washers (Qty.3)
M3×30 Pan-head Screws (Qty.3)
Wing Nuts (Qty.3)
M3×28 Plastic Wall Anchors (Qty.3)
M3×20 Self-tapping Screws (Qty.3)
X3
1
If your Ethernet cable feeds through the wall, you can 
position the mounting bracket to make the cable 
through the fixing hole. Mark three positions for the 
screw holes and then drill three 6 mm diameter holes at 
the marked positions.
Note: The image may differ from the actual product.
Hardware Overview
1
Front Panel
LED Indicator
Solid Green: The device is initializing or working properly.
Flashing Green Slowly: The device is in an isolated state.
Flashing Yellow: The device is working abnormally. 
Flashing Yellow, Green: The device is updating. Do not disconnect or power off the device.
Quickly Flashing Yellow, Green: The device is being reset to its factory default settings.
Rear Panel
RESET 
With the device powered on, press and hold the button for about 5 seconds until the LED is quickly flashing 
yellow then green, then release the button. The device will restore to factory default settings.
ETH1 (PoE) 
The port is used to connect to the PoE port of the provided PoE adapter or a PSE (Power Sourcing Equipment), 
such as a PoE switch, for both data transmission and Power over Ethernet (PoE) through Ethernet cable.
1
Remove the ceiling tile.
Drill Hole for Ethernet cable
X3
2
Place the mounting bracket in the center of the ceiling tile. 
Mark three positions for the screw holes and a position for 
the Ethernet cable hole.
Drill three 4 mm diameter holes for the screws and a 25 mm 
diameter hole for the Ethernet cable at the marked 
positions.
3
Secure the mounting bracket to the ceiling tile using three 
M3x30 pan-head screws, washers and wing nuts, as shown 
on the left.
4
Feed the Ethernet cable through the hole and set the ceiling 
tile back into place.
5
Connect the Ethernet cable to the ETHERNET port. Attach 
the EAP to the mounting bracket by aligning the arrow mark 
    on the EAP with the arrow mark on the mounting bracket, 
then rotate the EAP until it locks into place, as shown on the 
left.
2
Insert the plastic wall anchors into the 6 mm diameter 
holes.
3
Secure the mounting bracket to the wall by driving the 
self-tapping screws into the anchors. Make sure that the 
shoulders of the mounting bracket are on the outside.
4
Connect the Ethernet cable to the Ethernet port on the 
EAP.
5
Attach the EAP to the mounting bracket by aligning the 
arrow mark     on the EAP with the arrow mark     on the 
mounting bracket, then rotate the EAP until it locks into 
place, as shown on the left.
Tip: 
To remove the EAP from the mounting bracket, insert a paper clip in the Security Slot to release the Locking Tab 
and rotate the EAP until it is detached from the mounting bracket, as shown below.
Locking Tab
Security Slot
