 Appendix B Glossary 
Appendix B: Glossary 
Glossary 
Description 
ALG (Application Layer 
Gateway) 
A 
ARP (Address Resolution 
Protocol) 
C 
CPE (Customer Premise 
Equipment) 
Application  Level  Gateway  (ALG)  is  application  specific  translation 
agent  that  allows  an  application  on  a  host  in  one  address  realm  to 
connect  to  its  counterpart  running  on  a  host  in  different  realm 
transparently. 
Internet protocol used to map an IP address to a MAC address. 
A  terminal  located  at  a  subscriber's  premises  and  connected  with  a 
carrier's  telecommunication  channel  at  the  demarcation  point.  The 
point  is  established  in  a  building  or  complex  to  separate  customer 
equipment  from  the  equipment  located  in  either  the  distribution 
infrastructure or central office of the Communications Service Provider. 
DDNS (Dynamic Domain 
Name Server) 
The capability of assigning a fixed host and domain name to a dynamic 
Internet IP address.  
DFS (Dynamic Frequency 
Selection) 
A  method  applied  in  wireless  networks,  which  is  used  for  radar 
avoidance  and  is  supported  by  the  novel  IEEE  802.11h  wireless  local 
area network standard. 
DHCP (Dynamic Host 
Configuration Protocol) 
A protocol that automatically configures the TCP/IP parameters for all 
the PCs that are connected to a DHCP server. 
DMZ (Demilitarized Zone) 
A  Demilitarized  Zone  allows  one  local  host  to  be  exposed  to  the 
Internet  for  a  special-purpose  service  such  as  Internet  gaming  or 
videoconferencing. 
DNS (Domain Name Server) 
An  Internet  Server  that  translates  the  names  of  websites  into  IP 
addresses. 
DoS (Denial of Service)  
A  hacker  attack  designed  to  prevent  your  computer  or  network  from 
operating or communicating.  
FTP (File Transfer Protocol) 
Application  protocol,  part  of  the  TCP/IP  protocol  stack,  used  for 
transferring files between network nodes. 
HTTP (Hypertext Transfer 
Protocol) 
The protocol used by Web  browsers and Web servers to  transfer files, 
such as text and graphic files. 
D 
F 
H 
- 89 - 
