A PPENDIX    E
Legal Information
Copyright
Copyright © 2012 by ZyXEL Communications Corporation.
The contents of this publication may not be reproduced in any part or as a whole, transcribed, 
stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language, or transmitted in any form or by any 
means, electronic, mechanical, magnetic, optical, chemical, photocopying, manual, or otherwise, 
without the prior written permission of ZyXEL Communications Corporation.
Published by ZyXEL Communications Corporation. All rights reserved.
Disclaimers
ZyXEL does not assume any liability arising out of the application or use of any products, or 
software described herein. Neither does it convey any license under its patent rights nor the patent 
rights of others. ZyXEL further reserves the right to make changes in any products described herein 
without notice. This publication is subject to change without notice.
Your use of the NWA1121-NI is subject to the terms and conditions of any related service providers. 
Use with products that have NAT, and/or 3G. 
Do not use the NWA1121-NI for illegal purposes. Illegal downloading or sharing of files can result in 
severe civil and criminal penalties. You are subject to the restrictions of copyright laws and any 
other applicable laws, and will bear the consequences of any infringements thereof. ZyXEL bears 
NO responsibility or liability for your use of the download service feature. Use for products that 
have a download service. 
Make sure all data and programs on the NWA1121-NI are also stored elsewhere. ZyXEL is not 
responsible for any loss of or damage to any data, programs, or storage media resulting from the 
use, misuse, or disuse of this or any other ZyXEL product. Use for storage/backup devices. 
Trademarks
Trademarks mentioned in this publication are used for identification purposes only and may be 
properties of their respective owners.
Certifications
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Interference Statement
The device complies with Part 15 of FCC rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
• This device may not cause harmful interference.
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
195
