Chapter 3 Dashboard
The following table describes the labels in this screen.
Table 4   The Dashboard Screen
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
Refresh Interval
Select how often you want the NWA to update this screen.
Refresh Now
Click this to update this screen immediately.
System Information
System Name
This field displays the NWA system name. It is used for identification. You can 
change this in the Maintenance > General screen’s System Name field.
WLAN Operating 
Mode
This field displays the current operating mode of the wireless module (Root AP, 
Repeater, Client, or MBSSID). You can change the operating mode in the 
Configuration > Wireless LAN > Wireless Settings screen.
2.4G
5G
This field displays the current operating mode of the 2.4G wireless module (Root 
AP, Repeater, Client, or MBSSID). You can change the operating mode in the 
Configuration > Wireless LAN > Wireless Settings - 2.4G screen.
This field displays the current operating mode of the 5G wireless module (Root AP, 
Repeater, Client, or MBSSID). You can change the operating mode in the 
Configuration > Wireless LAN > Wireless Settings - 5G screen.
Firmware Version
This field displays the current version of the firmware inside the device. It also 
shows the date the firmware version was created. You can change the firmware 
version by uploading new firmware in Maintenance > Firmware Upgrade.
Serial Number
This field displays the serial number of the NWA.
Ethernet Information
LAN MAC Address
This displays the MAC (Media Access Control) address of the NWA on the LAN. 
Every network device has a unique MAC address which identifies it across the 
network.
IPv4 Address
This field displays the current IPv4 address of the NWA on the network.
Subnet Mask
Subnet masks determine the maximum number of possible hosts on a network. 
You can also use subnet masks to divide one network into multiple sub-networks.
Gateway IP Address
This is the IP address of the gateway. The gateway is a router or switch on the 
same network segment as the device's LAN port. The gateway helps forward 
packets to their destinations.
IPv6 Address
This field displays the current IPv6 address(es) of the NWA on the network.
Link Local
Global
WLAN Information
SSID
Channel
Status
This is the IPv6 link-local address that the NWA generates automatically.
This is the NWA’s IPv6 global address that you specify manually in the 
Configuration > LAN screen.
This field displays the SSID (Service Set Identifier). This is available only when the 
WLAN operation mode is Client.
The channel or frequency used by the NWA to send and receive information (in the 
2.4G or 5G wireless network).
This shows the current status of the wireless LAN. This is available only when the 
WLAN operation mode is Client.
Security Mode
This displays the security mode the NWA is using. This is available only when the 
WLAN operation mode is Client.
Summary
Statistics
Click this link to view port status and packet specific statistics. See Section 5.4 on 
page 47.
Association List
Click this to see a list of wireless clients currently associated to each of the NWA’s 
wireless modules. See Section 5.5 on page 48.
26
NWA1000 Series User’s Guide
