4.  Select Set up my connection manually, and then click Next. 
5.  Select  Connect  using  a  broadband  connection  that  requires  a  user 
name and password, and then click Next. 
6.  Enter the name (as desired) of the dial-up connection in ISP Name, and 
then click Next. 
7.  Select Anyone's use or My use only, and then click Next. 
8.  Enter the user name and password provided by the network operator and 
used for the dial-up connection, and then click Next. 
9.  Select Add a shortcut to this connection to my desktop, and then click 
Finish. 
An icon for the dial-up connection is displayed on the desktop of your computer. 
You  need  to  perform  the  preceding  operations  only  once  for  creating  a  network 
connection.  After  the  network  connection  is  created,  to  access  the  network, 
double-click  the  icon  for  the  dial-up  connection,  and  then  click  Connect  in  the 
displayed dialog box. 
4 Configuring the Wireless Network 
Connection 
If  a  wireless  network  adapter  is  installed  on  your  computer,  you  can  connect  you 
computer  to  the  HG622  through  a  wireless  connection.  To  configure  the  wireless 
network connection, do as follows: 
Step 1  Log in to the Web-based configuration utility. 
1.  Launch the Internet Explorer on your computer. Enter http://192.168.1.1 
in the address bar, and then press Enter. 
2.  In the displayed dialog box, enter the user name and the password, and 
then click OK. 
By default, both the user name and the password are admin. 
Step 2  Set the wireless network name and access password of the HG622. 
To set the wireless network name and the access password, do as follows (taking the 
authentication type WPA-PSK as an example): 
1.  In the navigation tree on the left of the Web-based configuration utility, 
choose Basic > LAN > WLAN. 
2.  Select the Enable WLAN option. 
3.  Enter a wireless network name in the SSID text box. 
4.  Select WPA-PSK from the Security drop-down combo box. 
5.  Enter an access password in the WPA pre-shared key text box. 
6.  Select AES from the WPA encryption drop-down combo box. 
7.  Click Submit to save the settings. 
11 
