Appendix D Wireless LANs
called Rijndael. They both include a per-packet key mixing function, a Message Integrity Check 
(MIC) named Michael, an extended initialization vector (IV) with sequencing rules, and a re-keying 
mechanism.
WPA and WPA2 regularly change and rotate the encryption keys so that the same encryption key is 
never used twice. 
The RADIUS server distributes a Pairwise Master Key (PMK) key to the AP that then sets up a key 
hierarchy and management system, using the PMK to dynamically generate unique data encryption 
keys to encrypt every data packet that is wirelessly communicated between the AP and the wireless 
clients. This all happens in the background automatically.
The Message Integrity Check (MIC) is designed to prevent an attacker from capturing data packets, 
altering them and resending them. The MIC provides a strong mathematical function in which the 
receiver and the transmitter each compute and then compare the MIC. If they do not match, it is 
assumed that the data has been tampered with and the packet is dropped. 
By generating unique data encryption keys for every data packet and by creating an integrity 
checking mechanism (MIC), with TKIP and AES it is more difficult to decrypt data on a Wi-Fi 
network than WEP and difficult for an intruder to break into the network. 
The encryption mechanisms used for WPA(2) and WPA(2)-PSK are the same. The only difference 
between the two is that WPA(2)-PSK uses a simple common password, instead of user-specific 
credentials. The common-password approach makes WPA(2)-PSK susceptible to brute-force 
password-guessing attacks but it’s still an improvement over WEP as it employs a consistent, 
single, alphanumeric password to derive a PMK which is used to generate unique temporal 
encryption keys. This prevent all wireless devices sharing the same encryption keys. (a weakness of 
WEP)
User Authentication 
WPA and WPA2 apply IEEE 802.1x and Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) to authenticate 
wireless clients using an external RADIUS database. WPA2 reduces the number of key exchange 
messages from six to four (CCMP 4-way handshake) and shortens the time required to connect to a 
network. Other WPA2 authentication features that are different from WPA include key caching and 
pre-authentication. These two features are optional and may not be supported in all wireless 
devices.
Key caching allows a wireless client to store the PMK it derived through a successful authentication 
with an AP. The wireless client uses the PMK when it tries to connect to the same AP and does not 
need to go with the authentication process again.
Pre-authentication enables fast roaming by allowing the wireless client (already connecting to an 
AP) to perform IEEE 802.1x authentication with another AP before connecting to it.
Wireless Client WPA Supplicants
A wireless client supplicant is the software that runs on an operating system instructing the wireless 
client how to use WPA. At the time of writing, the most widely available supplicant is the WPA patch 
for Windows XP, Funk Software's Odyssey client. 
The Windows XP patch is a free download that adds WPA capability to Windows XP's built-in "Zero 
Configuration" wireless client. However, you must run Windows XP to use it. 
190
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
