Chapter 3 Dashboard
The following table describes the labels in this screen.
Table 3   The Dashboard Screen
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
Refresh Interval
Select how often you want the NWA1121-NI to update this screen.
Refresh Now
Click this to update this screen immediately.
System Information
System Name
WLAN Operating 
Mode
Firmware Version
This field displays the NWA1121-NI system name. It is used for identification. You 
can change this in the Maintenance > General screen’s System Name field.
This field displays the current operating mode of the first wireless module 
(RootAP, Repeater, Client, or MBSSID). You can change the operating mode in 
the Configuration > Wireless LAN > Wireless Settings screen.
This field displays the current version of the firmware inside the device. It also 
shows the date the firmware version was created. You can change the firmware 
version by uploading new firmware in Maintenance > Firmware Upgrade.
Serial Number
This field displays the serial number of the NWA1121-NI.
Ethernet Information
LAN MAC Address
This displays the MAC (Media Access Control) address of the NWA1121-NI on the 
LAN. Every network device has a unique MAC address which identifies it across the 
network.
IPv4 Address
This field displays the current IPv4 address of the NWA1121-NI on the network.
Subnet Mask
Subnet masks determine the maximum number of possible hosts on a network. 
You can also use subnet masks to divide one network into multiple sub-networks.
Gateway IP Address
This is the IP address of the gateway. The gateway is a router or switch on the 
same network segment as the device's LAN port. The gateway helps forward 
packets to their destinations.
IPv6 Address
Link Local
Global
WLAN Information
SSID
Channel
Status
This field displays the current IPv6 address(es) of the NWA1121-NI on the 
network.
This is the IPv6 link-local address that the NWA1121-NI generates automatically.
This is the NWA1121-NI’s IPv6 global address that you specify manually in the 
Configuration > LAN screen.
This field displays the SSID (Service Set Identifier). This is available only when the 
WLAN operation mode is Client.
The channel or frequency used by the NWA1121-NI to send and receive 
information.
This shows the current status of the wireless LAN. This is available only when the 
WLAN operation mode is Client.
Security Mode
This displays the security mode the NWA1121-NI is using. This is available only 
when the WLAN operation mode is Client.
Summary
Statistics
Click this link to view port status and packet specific statistics. See Section 5.4 on 
page 50.
Association List
Click this to see a list of wireless clients currently associated to each of the 
NWA1121-NI’s wireless modules. See Section 5.5 on page 51.
View Log
System Status
Click this to see a list of logs produced by the NWA1121-NI. See Section 5.3 on 
page 49.
System Up Time
This field displays the elapsed time since the NWA1121-NI was turned on.
26
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
