 Chapter 6 Wireless LAN
Table 13   Wireless LAN > Wireless Settings: Wireless Client (continued)
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
SSID Profile
The SSID (Service Set IDentifier) identifies the Service Set with which a wireless station is 
associated. Wireless stations associating to the access point (AP) must have the same 
SSID. 
In this field, select the SSID profile of the AP you want to use. Click Apply. 
The SSID used in the selected SSID profile automatically changes to be the one you select 
in the Site Survey screen.
Set the security configuration for this operating mode in the Wireless LAN > Security 
screen. Check the Dashboard screen to check if the settings you set show in the WLAN 
information.
Note: If you are configuring the NWA from a computer connected to the wireless LAN and you 
change the NWA’s SSID or security settings, you will lose your wireless connection 
when you press Apply to confirm. You must then change the wireless settings of your 
computer to match the NWA’s new settings.
Channel
This shows the operating frequency/channel in use. This field is read-only when you select 
Client as your operation mode. 
Channel Width 
This field is not available in the NWA1123-NI.
A standard 20MHz channel offers transfer speeds of up to 150Mbps whereas a 40MHz 
channel uses two standard channels and offers speeds of up to 300Mbps. However, not all 
devices support 40MHz channels.
Select the channel bandwidth you want to use for your wireless network.
It is recommended that you select 20/40MHz. This allows the NWA to adjust the channel 
bandwidth depending on network conditions.
Select 20MHz if you want to lessen radio interference with other wireless devices in your 
neighborhood or the AP do not support channel bonding.
Advanced Settings
Output Power 
Set the output power of the NWA in this field. If there is a high density of APs in an area, 
decrease the output power of the NWA to reduce interference with other APs. Select one of 
the following Full (Full Power), 50%, 25% or 12.5%. See the product specifications for 
more information on your NWA’s output power.
Preamble Type
Select Dynamic to have the NWA automatically use short preamble when the wireless 
network your NWA is connected to supports it, otherwise the NWA uses long preamble.
RTS/CTS 
Threshold
Select Long preamble if you are unsure what preamble mode the wireless device your NWA 
is connected to supports, and to provide more reliable communications in busy wireless 
networks. 
(Request To Send) The threshold (number of bytes) for enabling RTS/CTS handshake. Data 
with its frame size larger than this value will perform the RTS/CTS handshake. Setting this 
attribute to be larger than the maximum MSDU (MAC service data unit) size turns off the 
RTS/CTS handshake. Setting this attribute to its smallest value (1) turns on the RTS/CTS 
handshake. 
Extension 
channel 
protection mode
You can use CTS to self or RTS-CTS protection mechanism to reduce conflicts with other 
wireless networks or hidden wireless clients. The throughput of RTS-CTS is much lower 
than CTS to self. Using this mode may decrease your wireless performance.
A-MPDU 
Aggregation 
This field is not available in the NWA1100-NH and NWA1123-NI.
Select to enable A-MPDU aggregation.
Message Protocol Data Unit (MPDU) aggregation collects Ethernet frames along with their 
802.11n headers and wraps them in a 802.11n MAC header. This method is useful for 
increasing bandwidth throughput in environments that are prone to high error rates.
NWA1000 Series User’s Guide
65
