 Appendix E Legal Information
Antenna having a higher gain is strictly prohibited per regulations of Industry Canada. The required 
antenna impedance is 50 ohms.
To reduce potential radio interference to other users, the antenna type and its gain should be so 
chosen that the EIRP is not more than required for successful communication.
IMPORTANT NOTE
Device for the band 5150-5250 MHz is only for indoor usage to reduce potential for harmful 
interference to co-channel mobile satellite systems; users should also be cautioned to take note 
that high-power radars are allocated as primary users (meaning they have priority) of the bands 
5250-5350 MHz and 5650-5850 MHz and these radars could cause interference and/or damage to 
LE-LAN devices.
IC Radiation Exposure Statement
This equipment complies with IC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled 
environment. End users must follow the specific operating instructions for satisfying RF exposure 
compliance.
注意 !
Notices 
依據  低功率電波輻射性電機管理辦法
第十二條  經型式認證合格之低功率射頻電機，非經許可，公司、商號或使用
者均不得擅自變更頻率、加大功率或變更原設計之特性及功能。
第十四條  低功率射頻電機之使用不得影響飛航安全及干擾合法通信；經發現
有干擾現象時，應立即停用，並改善至無干擾時方得繼續使用。
前項合法通信，指依電信規定作業之無線電信。低功率射頻電機須忍
受合法通信或工業、科學及醫療用電波輻射性電機設備之干擾。
本機限在不干擾合法電臺與不受被干擾保障條件下於室內使用。 
減少電磁波影響，請妥適使用。
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could 
void the user's authority to operate the equipment.
This device is designed for the WLAN 2.4 GHz and/or 5 GHz networks throughout the EC region and 
Switzerland, with restrictions in France.
Ce produit est conçu pour les bandes de fréquences 2,4 GHz et/ou 5 GHz conformément à la 
législation Européenne. En France métropolitaine, suivant les décisions n°03-908 et 03-909 de 
l’ARCEP, la puissance d’émission ne devra pas dépasser 10 mW (10 dB) dans le cadre d’une 
installation WiFi en extérieur pour les fréquences comprises entre 2454 MHz et 2483,5 MHz. 
This Class B digital apparatus complies with Canadian ICES-003.
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B est conforme à la norme NMB-003 du Canada.
CLASS 1 LASER PRODUCT 
APPAREIL A LASER DE CLASS 1 
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
197
