LHG series
Quick Setup Guide and Warranty Information
The LHG is a outdoor wireless system with a built in antenna. It can be used as a CPE or for Point to Point links. 
Assembly
Attach the two legs to the LHG case, then snap the assembed LHG unit to the grid in the appropriate locations. Fix
the legs in place with two self thread screws (Included, use philips screw driver PH2). The package also contains a
grounding cable connector, and a 5 degree angle adapter. More detailed instructions available on the product page
on http://routerboard.com 
Connecting
1. Open the Ethernet door to connect your PC or LAN cable to the Ethernet port, connect the other end of the
Ethernet cable to a PoE injector
2. Set LAN computer IP configuration to automatic (DHCP)
3. Default IP address of the unit is 192.168.88.1, open this address in your web browser to start configuration.
The username is admin and there is no password
Powering
The device accepts powering only from Passive PoE injectors
Booting process
Initial  connection  has  to  be  done  via  the  Ethernet  cable.  Open 192.168.88.1 in  your  web  browser.  Username  is
admin  and  there  is  no  password. In  case  IP  connection  is  not  available,  Winbox  can  be  used  to  connect  to  the
MAC address of the device. More information here: http://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/First_time_startup
In case you wish to boot the device from network, for example to use MikroTik Netinstall, hold the RESET button of
the device when starting it until the LED light turns off, and device will start to look for Netinstall servers.
Extension Slots and Ports
 One  10/100  Ethernet  port,  supporting  automatic  cross/straight  cable  correction  (Auto  MDI/X),  so  you  can
use either straight or cross-over cables for connecting to other network devices. 
 One Integrated Wireless 5GHz 802.11a/n, 2x2 MIMO with built in grid antenna, max gain 26dBi
Buttons and Jumpers
RouterBOOT reset button (RESET, front panel) has three functions:
•
•
•
Hold  this  button  during  boot  time  until  LED  light  starts  flashing,  release  the  button  to  reset
RouterOS configuration (total 5 seconds)
Keep holding for 5 more seconds, LED turns solid, release now to turn on CAPs mode (total 10 
seconds)
Or Keep holding the button for 5 more seconds until until LED turns off, then release it to make the 
RouterBOARD look for Netinstall servers (total 15 seconds)
Operating System Support
Currently tested operating system is MikroTik RouterOS starting from version v6.30
See www.routerboard.com for more information. Contact support@mikrotik.com
10-Dec-15
