HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
Warnings and Precautions 
Svenska: Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. förklarar härmed att denna produkt 
överensstämmer med de grundläggande kraven och andra relevanta föreskrifter i direktiv 
1999/5/EG. 
For the declaration of conformity, visit the Web site 
www.huaweidevice.com/certification. 
Notice: This device can be operated in all European countries. 
France: Outdoor use limited to 10 mW e.i.r.p. within the band 2454-2483.5 MHz. 
Italy: For private use, a general authorisation is required if WAS/RLAN's are used 
outside own premises. For public use, a general authorisation is required. 
Luxembourg: General authorisation required for network and service supply. 
Norway: This subsection does not apply for the geographical area within a radius of 20 
km from the centre of Ny-Ålesund. 
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Statement 
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the 
following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) 
this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause 
undesired operation. 
This device complies with part 68 of the FCC Rules. 
This device should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm between 
the antenna and all persons.  
Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B 
digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide 
reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This 
equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed 
and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or 
television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the 
user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following 
measures: 
(cid:122)  Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
(cid:122) 
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
(cid:122)  Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the 
receiver is connected. 
(cid:122)  Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help. 
Warning: Changes or modifications made to this device not expressly approved by 
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. may void the FCC authorization to operate this device. 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
1-5 
