Bandwidth Control 
Check the Enable box to use the bandwidth control function.  
Chapter 5 Network Tab 
To use the bandwidth control: 
1.  Click Add in the table of bandwidth control.  
2.  Enter  the  IP  Range  of  the  target  hosts  which  need  to  be  controlled  of 
bandwidth, for example 192.168.0.12-192.168.0.25. 
3.  Enter the Port  Range through which the target hosts visit external server, 
for example 1-63258.  
4.  Choose  one  of  the  protocols  used  for  this  application:  TCP,  UDP,  or 
TCP/UDP. 
5.  Enter  the  minimum  ingress,  maximum  ingress,  minimum  egress  and 
maximum egress of these IP addresses. 
6.  Click OK after finishing the configuration. 
Select the added entries, you can edit or delete them. 
IP&MAC Binding 
We can effectively prevent ARP attack and IP embezzlement by enabling the IP&MAC binding. Within the 
local  network,  the  device  transmits  IP  packets  to  the  certain  target  identified  by  the  MAC  address. 
Therefore,  the  IP  and  MAC  address  should  be  one-to-one  correspondence  and  their  corresponding 
relations are maintained by the ARP table. ARP attack can use forged information to renewal the ARP table, 
and  destroy  the  corresponding  relations  between  IP  and  MAC  addresses,  which  would  prevent  the 
communication  between  the device  and  the  corresponding  host.  When  the  IP&MAC Binding  function is 
enabled,  the  IP  and  MAC  relations in  the  ARP  table won’t  be  expired  and renewed  automatically,  which 
effectively prevents the ARP attack. 
Some functions such as access control and bandwidth control, are based on the IP addresses to identify 
the  access  clients. The network  administrator  can  allocate  every  client  a  static  IP,  according  to which  he 
makes the access and bandwidth rules to control the clients’ online behavior and the bandwidth they’ve 
used. Some illegal users may change the IP address in order to get higher Internet access. Enabling IP & 
MAC binding function can effectively prevent the IP embezzlement. 
NOTE: 
After  IP&MAC  binding  function  is  enabled,  the  IP  bound  to  the  MAC  cannot  be  used  by  other  MACs. 
However this MAC can use other IPs within the same segment, which are not bounded by other MACs, to 
access the network. 
- 55 - 
