Taiwan
第十二條　　經型式認證合格之低功率射頻電機，非經許可，公司、商號或使用者均不得
擅自變更頻率、加大功率或變更原設計之特性及功能。
第十四條　　低功率射頻電機之使用不得影響飛航安全及干擾合法通信；經發現有干擾現
象時，應立即停用，並改善至無干擾時方得繼續使用。　　
                前項合法通信，指依電信法規定作業之無線電通信。　　
                低功率射頻電機須忍受合法通信或工業、科學及醫療用電波輻射性電機
設備之干擾。
1. 應避免影響附近雷達系統之操作。
2. 高增益指向性天線只得應用於固定式點對點系統。
3. 電磁波暴露量 MPE 標準 ? 1 mW/cm2, 送測 ? 品實測 ? 為 : xx mW/cm2
<INSERT #3 VALUE>
United States
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 
15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a 
residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not 
installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If 
this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by 
turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the 
following measures:
 Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
 Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
 Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit that is different from that to which the receiver is 
connected. Consult the dealer or an experienced radio or television technician for help.
Improper termination of access points installed in the United States configured to a non-US model controller is a 
violation of the FCC grant of equipment authorization. Any such willful or intentional violation may result in a 
requirement by the FCC for immediate termination of operation and may be subject to forfeiture (47 CFR 1.80).
The network administrator(s) is/are responsible for ensuring that this device operates in accordance with local/
regional laws of the host domain.
Medical
1. Equipment not suitable for use in the presence of flammable mixtures.
2. Connect to only IEC 60950-1 or IEC 60601-1 3rd edition certified products and power sources. The end user is 
responsible for the resulting medical system complies with the requirements of IEC 60601-1 3rd edition.
3. Wipe with a dry cloth, no additional maintenance required.
4. No serviceable parts, the unit must be sent back to the manufacturer for repair.
5. No modifications are allowed without Aruba approval.
This product has not been qualified as a Medical Device under EU Directive 92/42/EEC. When deployed in 
medical environments it must be inaccessible to patients. If integrated as a component into a Medical Device, the 
integrator is responsible for ensuring that the requirements of 92/42/EEC are met.
Contact Aruba
Main Site
Support Site
www.arubanetworks.com
www.arubanetworks.com
Airheads Social Forums and 
Knowledge Base
www.community.arubanetworks.com/
12
Aruba 530 Series Campus Access Points | Installation Guide
