 Chapter 10 Maintenance
Table 36   Maintenance > Time (continued)
LABEL
Time Zone
DESCRIPTION
Choose the time zone of your location. This will set the time difference between 
your time zone and Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). 
Adjust for Daylight 
Saving Time
Daylight saving is a period from late spring to early fall when many countries set 
their clocks ahead of normal local time by one hour to give more daytime light in the 
evening.
Select this option if you use Daylight Saving Time.
Start Date
Configure the day and time when Daylight Saving Time starts if you selected Enable 
Daylight Saving. The at fields uses the 24 hour format. For example:
Daylight Saving Time starts in most parts of the United States on the second 
Sunday of March. Each time zone in the United States starts using Daylight Saving 
Time at 2 A.M. local time. So in the United States you would select Second, 
Sunday, March and type 2 in the at field.
In the European Union on the last Sunday of March. All of the time zones in the 
European Union start using Daylight Saving at the same time (1 A.M. GMT or UTC). 
Therefore you should select Last, Sunday, March. The time you type in the at field 
depends on your time zone. In Germany for instance, you will type 2 because 
Germany’s time zone is one hour ahead of GMT or UTC (GMT +1).
End Date
Configure the day and time when Daylight Saving Time starts if you selected Enable 
Daylight Saving. The at fields uses the 24 hour format. For example:
Daylight Saving Time starts in most parts of the United States on the second 
Sunday of March. Each time zone in the United States starts using Daylight Saving 
Time at 2 A.M. local time. So in the United States you would select First, Sunday, 
November and type 2 in the at field.
In the European Union on the last Sunday of March. All of the time zones in the 
European Union start using Daylight Saving at the same time (1 A.M. GMT or UTC). 
Therefore you should select Last, Sunday, October. The time you type in the at 
field depends on your time zone. In Germany for instance, you will type 2 because 
Germany’s time zone is one hour ahead of GMT or UTC (GMT +1).
Apply
Cancel
Click Apply to save your changes.
Click Cancel to reload the previous configuration for this screen.
10.7  Firmware Upgrade Screen
Use this screen to upload a firmware to your NWA. Click Maintenance > Firmware Upgrade. 
Follow the instructions in this section to upload firmware to your NWA. 
Figure 60   Maintenance > Firmware Upgrade
NWA1000 Series User’s Guide
113
