Compliance
FCC
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible 
for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to 
the following two conditions.
1.  This device may not cause harmful interference, and
2.  This device must accept any interference received, including 
interference that may cause undesired operation.
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a 
Class A digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are 
designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference 
when the equipment is operated in a commercial environment. This 
equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, 
if not installed and used in accordance with the instruction manual, may 
cause harmful interference to radio communications. Operations of this 
equipment in a residential area is likely to cause harmful interference in 
which case the user will be required to correct the interference at his own 
expense.
This radio transmitter FCC ID: SWX-PBE5AC has been approved by FCC 
to operate with the antenna types listed below with the maximum 
permissible gain and required antenna impedance for each antenna type 
indicated. Antenna types not included in this list, having a gain greater 
than the maximum gain indicated for that type, are strictly prohibited for 
use with this device.
Antenna Information: Dish antenna, Gain: 27 dBi
Industry Canada
CAN ICES-3(A)/NMB-3(A)
This Class A digital apparatus complies with Canadian CAN ICES-003.
To reduce potential radio interference to other users, the antenna 
type and its gain should be so chosen that the equivalent isotropically 
radiated power (e.i.r.p.) is not more than that permitted for successful 
communication.
This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard(s). 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 
1.  This device may not cause interference, and 
2.  This device must accept any interference, including interference that 
may cause undesired operation of the device.
