Federal Communication Commission Interference Statement 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 
15 of FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a 
residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not 
installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. 
However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does 
cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment 
off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures: 
1. Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
2. Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
3. Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected. 
4. Consult the dealer or an experienced radio technician for help. 
FCC Caution 
This device and its antenna must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or 
transmitter. This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two 
conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference 
received, including interference that may cause undesired operation. Any changes or modifications not expressly 
approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the authority to operate equipment. 
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Radiation Exposure Statement 
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. 
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator & 
your body. 
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) RF Exposure Requirements 
SAR compliance has been established in the laptop computer(s) configurations with PCMCIA slot on the side near 
the center, as tested in the application for certification, and can be used in laptop computer(s) with substantially 
similar physical dimensions, construction, and electrical and RF characteristics. Use in other devices such as PDAs 
or lap pads is not authorized. This transmitter is restricted for use with the specific antenna tested in the 
application for certification. The antenna(s) used for this transmitter must not be co-located or operating in 
conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. 
R&TTE Compliance Statement 
This equipment complies with all the requirements of DIRECTIVE 1999/5/EC OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND 
THE COUNCIL of March 9, 1999 on radio equipment and telecommunication terminal equipment and the mutual 
recognition of their conformity (R&TTE). The R&TTE Directive repeals and replaces in the directive 98/13/EEC 
(Telecommunications Terminal Equipment and Satellite Earth Station Equipment) As of April 8, 2000. 
Safety 
This equipment is designed with the utmost care for the safety of those who install and use it. However, special 
attention must be paid to the dangers of electric shock and static electricity when working with electrical 
equipment. All guidelines of this and of the computer manufacture must therefore be allowed at all times to 
ensure the safe use of the equipment. 
EU Countries Intended for Use 
The ETSI version of this device is intended for home and office use in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech, 
Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, 
Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Turkey, and United Kingdom. The ETSI 
version of this device is also authorized for use in EFTA member states: Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and 
Switzerland. 
EU Countries Not Intended for Use 
None   
