To log in to the Web-based configuration utility after you change the IP 
address successfully, you need to launch the Internet Explorer, and then 
enter the new IP address in the address bar. Ensure that the IP address of 
the computer is in the same network segment as that of the HG622 so that 
the computer can access the Web-based configuration utility. 
6.5 Downloading Files Through the USB Port 
After a removable storage device is connected to the USB port on the rear panel of the 
HG622, you can configure the HG622 as a File Transfer Protocol (FTP) client. Through 
the HG622, the files on the FTP server can be downloaded to the removable storage 
device. 
To download files through the HG622, do as follows: 
Step 1  Choose Advanced > USB Port. 
Step 2 
In the User name and Password text boxes, enter the user name and the 
password. 
Step 3 
In Download URL and Port text boxes, enter the Uniform Resource Locator 
(URL) address and port used for downloading files from the FTP server. 
Step 4  Click the Device drop-down list box, and then select the storage device 
partition used for saving downloaded files. 
Step 5 
In the Local path text box, enter the path used for saving downloaded files. 
Step 6  Click Download. 
After files are downloaded, you can view file downloading records on the 
Download History tab. 
6.6 Restoring Default Settings 
You can quickly restore the default settings of the HG622 by pressing the RESET 
button on the rear panel. To restore the default settings, press and hold the RESET 
button for over six seconds after the HG622 is powered on, and then release the button. 
In addition, you can restore the default settings of the HG622 through the Web-based 
configuration utility. To restore the default settings through the Web-based 
configuration utility, do as follows: 
Step 1  Log in to the Web-based configuration utility, and then choose Maintenance 
> Device in the navigation tree to display the reboot page. 
Step 2  Click Restore Default Settings. 
15 
