This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of
the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential
installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in
accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no
guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to
radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to
correct the interference by one of the following measures:
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
• Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. 
• Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from which the receiver is connected.
• Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
FCC Caution 
Any changes or modifications no expressly approved by Meraki could void the user’s authority to operate this
equipment. This Transmitter must not be co-located or operation in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement 
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. This equipment
should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20 cm between the radiator and your body. This transmitter
must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
IEEE 802.11b or 802.11g operation of this product in the USA is firmware-limited to channels 1 through 11.
If the device is going to be operated in the 5.15 - 5.25 frequency range, then it is restricted to indoor environment only.
This device meets all other requirements specified in Part 15E, Section 15.407 of the FCC Rules.
Industry Canada Statement
This device complies with RSS-247 of the Industry Canada Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including
interference that may cause undesired operation.
Ce dispositif est conforme à la norme CNR-247 d’Industrie Canada applicable aux appareils radio exempts de licence.
Son fonctionnement est sujet aux deux conditions suivantes: (1) le dispositif ne doit pas produire de brouillage
8
