Security options include authentication and encryption services based on the wired 
equivalent privacy (WEP) algorithm.    WEP is a set of security services used to 
protect 802.11 networks from unauthorized access, such as eavesdropping; in this 
case, the capture of wireless network traffic.    When data encryption is enabled, 
secret shared encryption keys are generated and used by the source station and the 
destination station to alter frame bits, thus avoiding disclosure to eavesdroppers. 
Under shared key authentication, each wireless station is assumed to have received 
a secret shared key over a secure channel that is independent from the 802.11 
wireless network communications channel. 
Encryption Strength 
This drop-down list box will display when WEP Encryption is enabled.    The key 
strength is proportional to the number of binary bits comprising the key.    This 
means that keys with a greater number of bits have a greater degree of security and 
are considerably more difficult to crack.    Encryption strength can be set to either 
64-bit or 128-bit.    A 64-bit key is equivalent to 5 ASCII characters or 10 
hexadecimal numbers.    A 128-bit key contains 13 ASCII characters or 26 
hexadecimal numbers.    Each key contains a 24-bit header (an initiation vector) 
which enables parallel decoding of multiple streams of encrypted data. 
6.2.1 WPS 
Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is an industry standard that simplifies wireless security 
setup  for  certified  network  devices.  Every  WPS  certified  device  has  both  a  PIN 
number  and  a  push  button,  located  on  the  device  or  accessed  through  device 
software. The CT-5374 has both a WPS button on the device and a virtual button 
accessible from the web user interface (WUI). 
Devices  with  the  WPS  logo  (shown  here) 
support WPS. If the WPS logo is not present 
on  your  device  it  still  may  support  WPS,  in 
this  case,  check  the  device  documentation 
for the phrase “Wi-Fi Protected Setup”. 
NOTE:  WPS  is  only  available  in  Open,  WPA-PSK,  WPA2-PSK  and  Mixed 
WPA2/WPA-PSK  network  authentication  modes.    Other  authentication 
modes do not use WPS so they must be configured manually. 
To configure security settings with WPS, follow the procedures below. You must 
choose either the Push-Button or PIN configuration method for Steps 6 and 7. 
I. Setup 
Step 1:  Enable WPS by selecting Enabled from the drop down list box shown. 
70 
