Chapter 5 Network Tab 
Use ISP-Specified IP 
If  your  service  provider  give  you  an  IP  address  along  with  the  user  name  and 
password,  Enable  "Use  ISP-specified  IP"  and  enter  the  IP  address,  which  is 
provided by your ISP. 
Use These DNS Servers 
If the ISP specifies a DNS server IP address for you, Enable Use These DNS Server, 
and  fill  the  Primary  DNS  and  Secondary  DNS  fields  below.  Otherwise,  the  DNS 
servers will obtain automatically from ISP. 
WAN MAC Address 
This field displays the current MAC address of the WAN port. If your ISP binds the 
MAC  address  of  your  previous  computer/router,  please  enter  the  correct  MAC 
address into this field. The format for the MAC Address is XX-XX-XX-XX-XX-XX (X 
is any hexadecimal digit). Click Restore Factory MAC to restore the MAC address 
of WAN port to the factory default value. 
Your PC’s MAC Address 
This field displays the MAC address of the PC that is managing the router. You can 
click  Clone  PC’s  MAC  to  set  the  WAN  MAC  address  the  same  as  your 
management PC’s MAC. 
Click Connect to connect immediately. Click Disconnect to disconnect immediately. You can check and 
control the status of WAN connection on Monitor > Dynamic WAN page. 
 
L2TP/PPTP 
The  configuration  steps  of  these  two  WAN  connections  are  the  same.  Take  L2TP  as  an  example  to 
introduce. 
Server IP/Name 
Enter the server IP address or the domain name given by your ISP. 
User Name/Password 
Enter the User  Name and Password provided by your ISP. These fields are case-
sensitive. 
Connection Mode  
  On  Demand  -  You  can  configure  the  device  to  disconnect  your  Internet 
connection  after  a  specified  period  of  inactivity  (Idle  Time).  If  your  Internet 
connection  has  been  terminated  due  to  inactivity,  Connect  on  Demand 
enables  the  device  to  automatically  re-establish  your  connection  when  you 
attempt  to  access  the  Internet  again.  The  default  Idle  Time  is  15  minutes.  If 
- 42 - 
