 Chapter 9 System
The following table describes the labels in this screen.
Table 33   System > FTP
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
FTP
Port
You may change the server port number for a service if needed, however you must use 
the same port number in order to use that service for remote management.
Server Access
Select the interface(s) through which a computer may access the NWA1121-NI using this 
service.
Secured Client IP 
Address
A secured client is a “trusted” computer that is allowed to communicate with the 
NWA1121-NI using this service. 
Secured Client 
MAC Address
Select All to allow any computer to access the NWA1121-NI using this service.
Choose Selected to just allow the computer with the IP address that you specify to access 
the NWA1121-NI using this service.
Select All to allow any computer to access the NWA1121-NI using this service.
Choose Selected to just allow the computer with the MAC address that you specify to 
access the NWA1121-NIe using this service.
Apply
Cancel
Click Apply to save your customized settings. 
Click Cancel to begin configuring this screen afresh.
9.9  Technical Reference
This section provides some technical background information about the topics covered in this 
chapter. 
9.9.1  MIB
Managed devices in an SMNP managed network contain object variables or managed objects that 
define each piece of information to be collected about a device. Examples of variables include such 
as number of packets received, node port status etc. A Management Information Base (MIB) is a 
collection of managed objects.SNMP itself is a simple request/response protocol based on the 
manager/agent model. The manager issues a request and the agent returns responses using the 
following protocol operations:
• Get - Allows the manager to retrieve an object variable from the agent. 
• GetNext - Allows the manager to retrieve the next object variable from a table or list within an 
agent. In SNMPv1, when a manager wants to retrieve all elements of a table from an agent, it 
initiates a Get operation, followed by a series of GetNext operations. 
• Set - Allows the manager to set values for object variables within an agent. 
• Trap - Used by the agent to inform the manager of some events.
9.9.2  Supported MIBs
The NWA1121-NI supports MIB II that is defined in RFC-1213 and RFC-1215 as well as the 
proprietary ZyXEL private MIB. The purpose of the MIBs is to let administrators collect statistical 
data and monitor status and performance.
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
111
