Chapter 5 Network Tab 
the  Internet  to  this  service  port  will  be  redirected  to  the  LAN  server.  Virtual 
Server  function  not  only  makes  the  users  from  Internet  visit  the  local  area 
network, but also keeps network security within the intranet as other services 
are still invisible from Internet. The LAN server must have a static or reserved IP 
Address because its IP Address may change when using the DHCP function. 
To use the virtual server:  
1.  Click Add in the table of Virtual Server.  
2.  Enter the IP Address of the PC providing the service application. 
3.  Enter the Internal  Port number of the PC running the service application. 
You can leave it blank if the Internal Port is the same as the Service Port, or 
enter a specific port number. 
4.  Enter the numbers of external Service Port. You can type a service port or a 
range of service ports (the format is XXX – YYY, XXX is the start port, YYY is 
the end port). Internet users send request to the port for services. 
5.  Choose  the  one  of  the  protocols  used  for  this  application:  TCP,  UDP,  or 
TCP/UDP.  
6.  Click OK after finishing the configuration. 
Select the added entries, you can edit or delete them. 
Check the Enable box to use the port trigger function. Due to the existence of 
the firewall, some applications such as online games, video conferences, VoIPs 
and  P2P  downloads  need  the  device  to  configure  the  forwarding  to  work 
properly, and these applications require multiple ports connection, for single-
port virtual server cannot meet the demand. Port trigger function comes at this 
time.  When  an  application  initiates  a  connection  to  the  trigger  port,  all  the 
incoming ports will open for subsequent connections. 
Once configured, operation is as follows:  
1.  A  local  host  makes  an  outgoing  connection  to  an  external  host  using  a 
destination port number defined in the Trigger Port field.  
2.  The  router  records  this  connection,  opens  the  incoming  port  or  ports 
associated with this entry in the Port Triggering table, and associates them 
with the local host.  
3.  When necessary the external host will be able to connect to the local host 
using one of the ports defined in the Incoming Port field. 
- 48 - 
Port Trigger 
