Environmental
 Operating:
 Temperature: 0°C to +50°C (+32°F to +122°F)
 Humidity: 5% to 93% non-condensing
 Storage and transport:
 Temperature: -40°C to +70°C (-40°F to +158°F)
 Humidity: 5% to 93% non-condensing
!
For indoor use only. The access point, AC adapter, external antennas, and all connected cables are not to be 
installed outdoors. This stationary device is intended for stationary use in partly temperature controlled 
weather-protected environments (class 3.2 per ETSI 300 019).
!
Regulatory Information
For the purpose of regulatory compliance certifications and identification, this product has been assigned a 
unique regulatory model number (RMN). The regulatory model number can be found on the product nameplate 
label, along with all required approval markings and information. When requesting compliance information for 
this product, always refer to this regulatory model number. The regulatory model number is not the marketing 
name or model number of the product.
 AP-535 RMN: APIN0535
 AP-534 RMN: APIN0534
Aruba Networks provides a multi-language document that contains country-specific restrictions and additional 
safety and regulatory information for all Aruba access points. This document can be viewed or downloaded at 
www.arubanetworks.com.
Changes or modifications to this unit not expressly approved by the party responsible for regulatory compliance 
could void the user’s authority to operate this equipment.
Toute modification effectuée sur cet équipement sans l'autorisation expresse de la partie responsable de la 
conformité est susceptible d'annuler son droit d'utilisation.
Brazil
Este equipamento não tem direito à proteção contra interferência prejudicial e não pode causar interferência 
em sistemas devidamente autorizados.
Industry Canada
This Class B digital apparatus meets all of the requirements of the Canadian Interference-Causing Equipment 
Regulations.
In accordance with Industry Canada regulations, this radio transmitter and receiver may only be used with an 
antenna, the maximum type and gain of which must be approved by Industry Canada. To reduce potential radio 
interference, the type of antenna and its gain shall be chosen so that the equivalent isotropic radiated power 
(EIRP) does not exceed the values necessary for effective communication.
This device complies with Industry Canada's license-exempt RSS regulations. Operation of this device is subject 
to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any 
interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
When operated in 5.15 to 5.25 GHz frequency range, this device is restricted to indoor use to reduce the 
potential for harmful interference with co-channel Mobile Satellite Systems.
This radio transmitter model APIN0534 has been approved by Industry Canada to operate with the antenna 
types listed in the online ordering guide (link provided below) with the maximum permissible gain indicated. 
Antenna types not included in this list, having a greater gain than the maximum gain indicated for that type, are 
strictly prohibited for use with this device. www.arubanetworks.com/assets/og/OG_AP-530Series.pdf 
Déclaration d’Industrie Canada
Ce périphérique est conforme aux règlements RSS exempts de licence d’Industrie Canada. L’utilisation de ce 
périphérique est soumise aux deux conditions suivantes : (1) ce périphérique ne doit pas provoquer 
d’interférences, et (2) ce périphérique doit accepter toute interférence, y compris les interférences susceptibles 
Aruba 530 Series Campus Access Points | Installation Guide
9
