Federal Communications Commission Notices 
This product complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this 
device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation. 
Radiation Exposure Statement 
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum 
distance 20cm between the radiator and your body. This equipment shall not be colocated with any other transmitter. 
Harmful Interference Notice 
This product has been tested and complies with the specifications for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide 
reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed 
and used according to the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which is found by turning the equipment off and on, the user is 
encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures: 
 
 
 
 
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna 
Increase the separation between the equipment or devices 
Connect the equipment to an outlet other than the receiver's 
Consult a dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for assistance 
Changes or modifications to this equipment that have not been approved by Ruckus Wireless may void the user's authority to operate this equipment. 
Industry Canada Statement 
This device complies with Industry Canada ICES-003 and RSS210 rules.  Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 
1. This device may not cause interference and 
2. This device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. 
Cet appareil est conforme aux normes NMB003 et RSS210 d'Industrie Canada.  Le fonctionnement est soumis aux conditions suivantes : 
1. Ce périphérique ne doit pas causer d'interférences; 
2. Ce périphérique doit accepter toutes les interférences reçues, y compris celles qui risquent d'entraîner un fonctionnement indésirable. 
This equipment complies with IC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum 
distance 20cm between the radiator & your body. 
Australia Statement 
This device complies with the ACMA requirements for a Wi-Fi device namely Radio Communications (Low Impact Potential Devices) Class Licence 2000 Amd. 1:2007 and 
Radiocommunications (Compliance Labelling – Electromagnetic Radiation) Notice 2003.  The equipment complies with the ACMA requirements for radiation exposure for a 
"general user/non-aware user".  This equipment should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm between the radiator and your body.  This equipment 
complies with the Australian safety requirements and should only used with the specified power adapter carrying a C-tick marking. 
European Union Notices 
This product only supplied by Limited Power sources (sub-clause 2.5 of standard EN 60950-1 
National Restrictions 
This product may be used in all EU countries (and other countries following the EU directive 1999/5/EC) without any limitation except for the countries mentioned below: 
Ce produit peut être utilisé dans tous les pays de l’UE (et dans tous les pays ayant transposés la directive 1999/5/CE) sans aucune limitation, excepté pour les pays 
mentionnés ci-dessous: 
Questo prodotto è utilizzabile in tutte i paesi EU (ed in tutti gli altri paesi che seguono le direttive EU 1999/5/EC) senza nessuna limitazione, eccetto per i paesii menzionati 
di seguito: 
Das Produkt kann in allen EU Staaten ohne Einschränkungen eingesetzt werden (sowie in anderen Staaten die der EU Direktive 1999/5/CE folgen) mit Außnahme der 
folgenden aufgeführten Staaten: 
France 
In case the product is used outdoors, the output power is restricted in some parts of the band. See the table below or check http://www.arcep.fr/ for more details. 
Dans la cas d’une utilisation en extérieur, la puissance de sortie est limitée pour certaines parties de la bande. Reportezvous à la table 1 ou visitez http://www.arcep.fr/ pour 
de plus amples détails. 
Location    
Indoor (No restrictions)  
Outdoor  
Frequency Range (MHz)  
2400-2483.5  
2400-2454 [2454-2483.5] 
Power (EIRP) 
100 mW (20 dBm) 
100 mW (20 dBm) [10 mW(10 dBm)] 
Italy 
This product meets the National Radio Interface and the requirements specified in the National Frequency Allocation Table for Italy. Unless operating within the boundaries 
of the owner’s property, the use of this 2.4 GHz Wireless LAN product requires a ‘general authorization’. Please check with http://www.comunicazioni.it/ for more details. 
Questo prodotto è conforme alla specifiche di Interfaccia Radio Nazionali e rispetta il Piano Nazionale di ripartizione delle frequenze in Italia. Se non viene installato 
all’interno del proprio fondo, l’utilizzo di prodotti Wireless LAN a 2.4 GHz richiede una "Autorizzazione Generale". Consultare http://www.comunicazioni.it/ per maggiori 
dettagli. 
Belgium 
The Belgian Institute for Postal Services and Telecommunications (BIPT) must be notified of any outdoor wireless link having a range exceeding 300 meters. Please check 
http://www.bipt.be for more details. 
Draadloze verbindingen voor buitengebruik en met een reikwijdte van meer dan 300 meter dienen aangemeld te worden bij het Belgisch Instituut voor postdiensten en 
telecommunicatie (BIPT). Zie http://www.bipt.be voor meer gegevens. 
Les liaisons sans fil pour une utilisation en extérieur d’une distance supérieure à 300 mètres doivent être notifiées à l’Institut Belge des services Postaux et des 
Télécommunications (IBPT). Visitez http://www.ibpt.be pour de plus amples détails. 
Taiwan Statement 
The control, adjustment and on/off operation of this device does not violate the “Administrative regulations on low power radio waves radiated devices”. Any adjustments to 
the device should be carried out or be monitored by a specialist who has expertise on radio frequency devices. Replacement of components which may lead to the violation 
to the regulations is not allowed. Without permission granted by the NCC, any company, enterprise, or user is not allowed to change frequency, enhance transmitting power 
or alter original characteristic as well as performance to an approved low power radio-frequency devices. The low power radio-frequency device shall not influence aircraft 
security and interfere with legal communications; if found, the user shall cease operating immediately until no interference is achieved. The said legal communications 
means radio communications is operated in compliance with the Telecommunications Act. The low power radio-frequency devices must not be susceptible with the 
interference from legal communications or ISM radio wave radiated devices. 
Thailand Statement 
The output power is restricted to 100 mW (20 dBm) EIRP. 
