Setting the Network-Access Parameters 
HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
ice list drop-down combo box. 
ode drop-down combo box. 
5.  Select VOICE_TR069_INTERNET from the Serv
6.  Select Route from the Connection m
7.  Select PPPoE option button for Connection type. 
8. 
9. 
Select Enable check box for NAT. 
Enter the use
User name and Password text box
parameters. 
r name and password that are provided by the network operator in the 
es, and keep the default settings of other 
10. Click Submit to save the settings. 
After you complete the preceding settings, you can surf the Internet. 
5.2 Accessing the Network by the PPP Dial-Up 
Softw
are on Your Computer 
If you select this method for accessing the network, you need to install and configure the
dial-up software on your computer. In
 addition, you need to perform dial-up operations 
on your computer upon each startup. To configure
 the HG655b and your computer for 
the network access, do as follows: 
Step 1 
Set the working mode of the HG655b to Bridge. 
For details, refer to the procedure for enabling the embedded dial-up function described
in Step 3 in se
ction "5.1 Accessing the Network by the Embedded PPP Dial-Up Software 
on the HG655b." Note that Bridge is selected from the Conne
combo box. 
ction mode drop-down 
Step 2 
Configure the PPP dial-up software on your computer. 
The PPP dial-u
p software is pre-installed on certain computer operating systems. To 
create a dial-up connection, do as follows (taking the Windows XP operating system
an example): 
 as 
1.  Choose Start > All Programs > Accessories > Communications > Network 
Connections. 
2.  Click Create a new connection in Network Tasks to 
display the New Connection 
Wizard window, and then click Next. 
3.  Select Connect to the Internet, and then click Next. 
4. 
5.  Select Connect using a broadband connection that requires a user name and 
Select Set up my connection ma
nually, and then click Next. 
passwor
d, and then click Next. 
6.  Enter the name (as desired) of the dial-up connection in ISP
 Name, and then click 
Next. 
Select Anyone's use or My use only, and
7. 
8.  Enter the user name and password provided by the network operator and used for th
 then click Next. 
e 
dial-up connection, and then click Next. 
9.  Select Add a shortcut to this connection to my desktop, and then click Fin
i
sh. 
An icon for the dial-up connection is displayed on the desktop of your computer. 
You need to perform the preceding operations only once for creating a network 
connection. After the network connection is created, to access the network, double-click 
the icon for the dial-up connection, and then click Connect in the displayed dialog box. 
5-2 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
