V-1-6.  Glossary 
Default Gateway (Access point): Every non-access point IP device needs to 
configure a default gateway’s IP address. When the device sends out an IP 
packet, if the destination is not on the same network, the device has to send 
the packet to its default gateway, which will then send it out towards the 
destination. 
DHCP: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol. This protocol automatically gives 
every computer on your home network an IP address. 
DNS Server IP Address: DNS stands for Domain Name System, which allows 
Internet servers to have a domain name (such as www.Broadbandaccess 
point.com) and one or more IP addresses (such as 192.34.45.8). A DNS server 
keeps a database of Internet servers and their respective domain names and 
IP addresses, so that when a domain name is requested (as in typing 
"Broadbandaccess point.com" into your Internet browser), the user is sent to 
the proper IP address. The DNS server IP address used by the computers on 
your home network is the location of the DNS server your ISP has assigned to 
you. 
DSL Modem: DSL stands for Digital Subscriber Line. A DSL modem uses your 
existing phone lines to transmit data at high speeds. 
Ethernet: A standard for computer networks. Ethernet networks are 
connected by special cables and hubs, and move data around at up to 10/100 
million bits per second (Mbps). 
IP Address and Network (Subnet) Mask: IP stands for Internet Protocol. An IP 
address consists of a series of four numbers separated by periods, that 
identifies a single, unique Internet computer host in an IP network. Example: 
192.168.2.1. It consists of 2 portions: the IP network address, and the host 
identifier. 
The IP address is a 32-bit binary pattern, which can be represented as four 
cascaded decimal numbers separated by “.”: aaa.aaa.aaa.aaa, where each 
“aaa” can be anything from 000 to 255, or as four cascaded binary numbers 
separated by “.”: bbbbbbbb.bbbbbbbb.bbbbbbbb.bbbbbbbb, where each “b” 
can either be 0 or 1. 
91 
