Default AP Settings (For Your Reference)
Network Names (SSIDs)
Wireless1—Wireless8
Security (Encryption 
method)
Disabled for each wireless 
interface
Default Management IP 
Address
192.168.0.1
IF YOUR COMPUTER CANNOT CONNECT TO THE AP
(cid:129) Disconnect the AP from the power source, wait 5 seconds, 
then reconnect it—and wait 60 seconds before attempting a 
reconnection.
(cid:129) Disconnect and reconnect the AP and the computer.
(cid:129)
Replace the Ethernet cable with a new one if the relevant 
LAN port LED is not illuminated. (LEDs in each port light up 
during a successful connection.)
STEP 4: CUSTOMIZE THE WIRELESS SETTINGS
1 On the Web interface menu, click Configuration > Wireless. 
The Configure::Wireless::Common options appear. 
2 Verify that the following options are active:
(cid:129) Channel: SmartSelect
(cid:129) Country Code: If you are not located in the United 
States, select your current country.
3 Click Update Settings if you made any changes.
4 Click any of the eight “Wireless #” tabs.
5 In Wireless Availability, click Enabled.
6 Delete the text in the SSID field, and then type the name 
of your network. If your network does not have a “name,” 
type a short name that will help your users identify the AP 
in their wireless network connection application.
7 Click Update Settings to save your changes.
8 Repeat Step 4-7 for each Wireless # interface that you 
want to enable.
OPTIONAL: IF YOU WANT TO SWITCH FROM DHCP 
(DEFAULT)
A. On the menu, click Configuration > Internet. 
B. Click the Static IP option.
C. Fill in the IP Address and Mask fields.
D. Click Update Settings to save your changes.
OPTIONAL: TO ENABLE/DISABLE LAN PORTS
E. On the menu, click Configuration > LAN Ports. 
F. Click the check boxes next to the ports you want to enable; 
uncheck the boxes next to the ports you want to disable.
G. Segment traffic entering LAN ports into VLANs, if needed.
H. Click Update Settings to save your changes.
4 Connect the uplink Ethernet cable to the PoE In LAN 5 / 
Uplink port on the rear of the AP. Alternatively, if an RJ-45 
connector is not used, you can connect PoE wiring directly 
to the punch-down block. 
9 Click Logout to exit the Ruckus Web Admin interface.
10 When the Web Admin login page reappears, you can exit 
your browser.
11 Disconnect the AP from the computer and from the cur-
rent power source, and then restore your computer’s origi-
nal network settings. 
RJ45
PoE In
110
Punch-down
block
STEP 5: RESTORE YOUR COMPUTER’S NETWORK 
SETTINGS
5 Verify that the Power and LAN 5 LEDs are lit. 
6 Bundle or coil any excess wiring so that it does not pro-
1 Click Start > Settings > Network Connections. 
trude or impede AP placement.
Rear view
(If Windows 7, click Start > Control Panel > Network and 
Sharing Center > Change Adapter Settings.)
2 When the Network Connections window appears, right-
click the icon for the “Local Area Connection” and choose 
Properties. 
3 When the Local Area Connection Properties dialog box 
appears, select Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) from the scroll-
ing list, and click Properties. 
7 Snap the AP onto the mounting bracket by hooking the 
two locking tabs on one side of the mounting bracket into 
the two cutouts in the plastic housing on one side of the 
AP, then push the other side of the AP in toward the wall 
until it snaps in place.
The TCP/IP Properties dialog box appears.
Cutouts
Locking
  Tabs
4 Replace the recent AP connection entries with the entries 
from your original network configuration.
5 Click OK to save your settings and exit first the TCP/IP 
Properties dialog box, then the Local Area Connection 
Properties dialog box. 
Your computer is now ready for normal network use.
STEP 6: MOUNT THE AP TO THE WALL 
BEFORE YOU BEGIN: Ensure that you have a Cat5e or better 
Ethernet cable supplying PoE power and LAN connectivity 
running to the outlet box where the AP will be installed.
1 Remove the outlet box cover from the outlet box.
2 Align the mounting bracket with the outlet box so that the 
two screw holes line up, and pull the Ethernet cable 
through the center of the mounting bracket.
3 Affix the mounting bracket to the outlet box using the two 
mounting screws provided.
Copyright © 2010 Ruckus Wireless, Inc.
Published September 2010, Part Number 800-70295-001 REV A
You have completed the physical installation. 
STEP 7: VERIFY THE INSTALLATION
1 Using any wireless-enabled computer or mobile device, 
search for and select the wireless network you previously con-
figured. 
2 If you can connect, open a browser and link to any public 
Web site.
Congratulations! Your wireless network is active and ready for 
use.
FOR MORE INFORMATION
Refer to the ZoneFlex 7025 User Guide for more detailed 
configuration and management information. 
