HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
Disposal and Recycling Information 
Warnings and Precautions 
This symbol on the device (and any included batteries) indicates that the 
device (and any included batteries) should not be disposed of as normal 
household garbage. Do not dispose of your device or batteries as unsorted 
municipal waste. The device (and any batteries) should be handed over to a 
certified collection point for recycling or proper disposal at the end of its life. 
For more detailed information about the recycling of the device or batteries, contact your 
local city office, the household waste disposal service, or the retail store where you 
purchased this device. 
The disposal of this device is subject to the Waste from Electrical and Electronic 
Equipment (WEEE) Directive of the European Union. The purpose for separating 
WEEE and batteries from other waste is to minimize any environmental impact and 
health hazard due to the presence of hazardous substances. 
Reduction of Hazardous Substances  
This device is compliant with the EU Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and 
Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) Regulation (Regulation No 1907/2006/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council) and the EU Restriction of Hazardous 
Substances (RoHS) Directive (Directive 2002/95/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council). For more information about the REACH compliance of the device, visit the 
Web site www.huaweidevice.com/certification. You are recommended to visit the Web 
site regularly for up-to-date information. 
EU Regulatory Conformance 
This device should be installed and operated with a minimum distance of 20 cm between 
the antenna and all persons. 
Български: С настоящето Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. декларира, че този уред 
съответства на основните изисквания и другите разпоредби на Директива 
1999/5/EC. 
Česky: Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., tímto prohlašuje, že toto zařízení je ve shodě se 
základními požadavky a dalšími souvisejícími opatřeními směrnice 1999/5/EC. 
Dansk: Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. erklærer hermed at denne enhed er i 
overensstemmelse med de obligatoriske krav og andre relevante bestemmelser i direktiv 
1999/5/EF. 
Nederlands: Hierbij verklaart Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. dat dit apparaat in 
overeenstemming is met de essentiële eisen en de andere relevante bepalingen van 
richtlijn 1999/5/EC. 
English: Hereby, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. declares that this device is in 
compliance with the essential requirements and other relevant provisions of Directive 
1999/5/EC. 
Eesti: Käesolevaga kinnitab Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., et see seade vastab 
Direktiivi 1999/5/EÜ põhinõudmistele ja teistele asjakohastele määrustele. 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
1-3 
