Note:  The  manufacturer  is  not  responsible  for  any  radio  or  TV  interference 
caused  by  unauthorized  modifications  to  this  equipment.  Such  modifications 
could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
FCC RF Radiation Exposure Statement
This equipment complies with FCC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an 
uncontrolled environment. This device and its antenna must not be co-located 
or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
To  comply  with  FCC  RF  exposure  compliance  requirements,  this  grant  is 
applicable to only Mobile Configurations. The antennas used for this transmitter 
must  be  installed  to  provide  a  separation  distance  of  at  least  41  cm  from  all 
persons and must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other 
antenna or transmitter.
• FCC regulations restrict the operation of this device to indoor use only.
• The operation of this device is prohibited on oil platforms, cars, trains, boats, 
and  aircraft,  except  that  operation  of  this  device  is  permitted  in  large  aircraft 
while flying above 10,000 feet in the 5.925-6.425 GHz band.
• Operation of transmitters in the 5.925-7.125 GHz band is prohibited for control 
of or communications with unmanned aircraft systems.
FCC compliance information statement
Product Name: I.T.E. Power Supply
Model Number: T120330-2B4
Responsible party: 
TP-Link USA Corporation
Address: 10 Mauchly, Irvine, CA 92618
Website: http://www.tp-link.com/us/
Tel: +1 626 333 0234
Fax: +1 909 527 6804
E-mail: sales.usa@tp-link.com
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class 
B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed 
to  provide  reasonable  protection  against  harmful  interference  in  a  residential 
installation.  This  equipment  generates,  uses  and  can  radiate  radio  frequency 
energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may 
cause  harmful  interference  to  radio  communications.  However,  there  is  no 
guarantee  that  interference  will  not  occur  in  a  particular  installation.  If  this 
equipment  does  cause  harmful  interference  to  radio  or  television  reception, 
which  can  be  determined  by  turning  the  equipment  off  and  on,  the  user  is 
encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following 
measures:
143
