AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
Table 5-17 Equipment Grounding Specifications
No.
Description
1
2
3
4
5
6
All communication devices and auxiliary devices (such as mobile base stations,
transmission and switching devices, power supply devices) in the equipment room
should be grounded for protection. Connect all protective ground for various devices
jointly to a general ground bar, and then to the same protective ground bar in the
room together with the protective ground (PGND) of the device.
The PGND of the equipment is shorted to the copper ground bar provided by the
customer. The short-circuiting cable used should be a yellow-green plastic insulated
cable with a copper core and a cross-sectional area greater than 25 sq. mm (0.039 sq.
in.).
There are grounding terminals and grounding lugs at the lower part of the front door,
rear door and side panel of the cabinet, connected to the grounding terminals of the
cabinet framework through connection cables with cross-sectional area of no less
than 1.6 sq. mm (0.002 sq. in.).
Ensure that all metal components of the cabinet conduct well. No insulating coating
should be sprayed on the connection part of the metal components.
Connect the cabinets in the same row by fastening captive screws and gaskets on the
top of the cabinets. Do not spray any coating into a rectangular area measuring 30
mm x 50 mm (1.18 in. x 1.97 in.) around the connection hole for a captive bolt.
Measures to prevent rust and corrosion must be taken for this area. Zinc electroplating
with iridescent yellow chromate conversion coating should be applied to the gasket
and nut to ensure good electrical contact.
When combining cabinets of the same type, short-circuiting cables are required to
connect the ground busbars (if any) of the cabinets. The cross-sectional area of the
short-circuiting cable is 6 sq. mm (0.009 sq. in.) and is no more than 300 mm (11.8
in.) long. Connect the two ends of the short-circuiting cable to the ground busbar
terminals of neighboring cabinets and fix them firmly.
5.3.4 Grounding Specifications for Communications Power Supply
Table 5-18 shows the grounding specifications for communication power supplies.
Table 5-18 Grounding specifications for communication power supplies
No.
Description
1
2
The inlet for the AC power cable at the equipment room should be equipped with a
surge protection device (C-level) with a nominal discharge current no less than 20
kA.
The protective ground for the power supply and that for communication equipment
share the same grounding conductor. If the power supply and the equipment are in
the same equipment room, use the same protective ground bar for them if possible.
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
92
