MAC Address
Displays  the  MAC  address  of  the  wireless  interface  connected  to  the 
clients.
SSID
Displays the wireless network name (SSID) created by the device.
Security Mode
Displays  the  security  mode  you’ve  selected  for  your  wireless  network. 
There are three security modes: WPA-PSK, WPA and WEP. None means 
that no security mode is selected and all the hosts are allowed to access 
the wireless network directly. The security mode which is set on the clients 
should be the same as that on this device.
Connected 
Stations
Client
Displays the number of the connected stations.
Displays  the  status  of  the  wireless  client  function.  With  this  function 
enabled,  the  device  can  connect  to  the  root  AP  through  wireless 
connection. By default, it is enabled in Client, Repeater, Bridge and AP Client 
Router Modes and disabled in Access Point and AP Router Modes.
MAC Address
Displays the MAC address of the wireless interface connected to the root 
AP.
Security Mode
Displays  the  security  mode  you’ve  selected  for  your  wireless  network. 
There are three security modes: WPA-PSK, WPA and WEP. None means 
that no security mode is selected and all the hosts are allowed to access 
the wireless network directly. The security mode which is set on the device 
should be the same as that on the root AP.
WDS
Displays the status of the WDS (Wireless Distribution System) function. 
WDS is a communication system among multiple wireless networks . It is 
established between APs through wireless connection. WDS is used during 
the connection process between the device and the root AP.
(cid:40)(cid:81)(cid:68)(cid:69)(cid:79)(cid:72)(cid:29) Forward data frames using four address fields.
(cid:39)(cid:76)(cid:86)(cid:68)(cid:69)(cid:79)(cid:72)(cid:29) Forward data frames using three address fields.
(cid:36)(cid:88)(cid:87)(cid:82)(cid:29) The device automatically negotiates the wireless data frame structure 
(three or four address fields) with the root AP. The selection of Auto is 
recommended.
Root AP BSSID
Displays the BSSID (Basic Service Set ID) of the root AP. BSSID is used to 
identify a BSS. Each BSS has its own BSSID. The BSSID is decided by the 
manufacturers, and it is usually related to the device’s MAC address.
Root AP SSID
Displays the wireless network name of the root AP.
TX Rate
Displays the data rate of the device during the sending of the wireless 
packets.
43
