Chapter 6 Wireless Tab 
Filtering Rules 
There are two filtering policies to control the MAC filtering:  
  Allow the stations specified by any enabled entries in the list to access. 
The  stations  listed  below  are  allowed  to  access  the  wireless  network  under 
the rules. While others are forbidden to access. 
  Deny the stations specified by any enabled entries in the list to access. 
The stations listed below are forbidden to access the wireless network under 
the rules. While others are allowed to access. 
Wireless Advanced Settings 
Distance Settings 
Beacon Interval 
RTS Threshold 
Fragmentation Threshold 
Enter  the  distance  between  AP  and  Station,  which  will  influence  the  wireless 
performance to a great extent. If this device serves as a client, please enter the 
distance between this device and the root AP. If this device configured as an AP, 
please  enter  the  distance  between  the  farthest  client  and  this  AP.  The  value  is 
limited to 0-24km.  
Beacons are transmitted periodically by the device to announce the presence of 
a  Wireless  network  for  the  clients.  Beacon  Interval  value  determines  the  time 
interval  of  the  beacons  sent  by  the  device.  You  can  specify  a  value  from  40  to 
1,000. The default value is 100. 
When the RTS threshold is activated, all the stations and APs follow the Request 
to Send (RTS) protocol. When the station is to send packets, it will send a RTS to 
AP to inform the AP that it will send data. After receiving the RTS, the AP notice 
other stations in the same wireless network to delay their transmitting of data. 
At the same time, the AP inform the requesting station to send data. The value 
range is from 0 to 2346 bytes. The default value is 2346, which means that RTS is 
disabled. 
Specify the fragmentation threshold for packets. If the size of the packet is larger 
than  the  fragmentation  threshold,  the  packet  will  be  fragmented  into  several 
in  poor  wireless 
packets.  Too 
performance  caused  by  the  excessive  packets.  The  recommended  and  default 
value is 2346 bytes. 
low  fragmentation  threshold  may  result 
- 66 - 
