AP3x10xN&5x10xN&5x30xN&6x10xN&7x10xN
Hardware Installation and Maintenance Guide
5 Appendix
Construction Requirements for the Equipment Room
Table 5-10 describes the construction requirements for the equipment room.
Table 5-10 Construction requirements for the equipment room
Item
Area
Net height
Floor
Load-bearing
capacity
Door and
windows
Wall surface
treatment
Cable trays
Requirements
The smallest area of the equipment room can accommodate the equipment
with the largest capacity.
The minimum height of the equipment room should not be less than 3 m
(9.84 ft). The minimum height of the equipment room is the net height
below overhead beams or ventilation pipes.
The floor in the equipment room should be semi-conductive and dustproof.
A raised floor with an ESD covering is recommended. Cover the raised
floor tightly and solidly. The horizontal tolerance of each square meter
should be less than 2 mm (0.08 in.). If raised floors are unavailable, use a
static-electricity-conductive floor material, with a volume resistivity of 1.0
x 107 ohms to 1.0 x 1010 ohms. Ground this floor material or raised floor.
You can connect them to ground using a one megohm current-limiting
resistor and connection line.
The floor must bear loads larger than 150 kg/m2 (0.21 bf/in.2).
The door of the equipment room should be 2 m (6.56 ft) high and 1 m (3.28
ft) wide. One door is enough. Seal the doors and windows with dustproof
plastic tape. Use double-pane glass in the windows and seal them tightly.
Paste wallpaper on the wall or apply flat paint. Do not use pulverized paint.
Use cable trays to arrange cables. The inner faces of the cable trays must
be smooth. The reserved length and width of the cable trays, and the number,
position and dimensions of the holes must comply with the requirements
of device arrangement.
Water pipe
Do not pass service pipes, drainpipes, and storm sewers through the
equipment room. Do not place a fire hydrant in the equipment room, but
place it in the corridor or near the staircase.
Internal
partition wall
Separate the area where the equipment is installed from the equipment room
door. The partition wall can block some outside dust.
Installation
position of the
air conditioner
Other
requirements
Install air conditioner vents so that the air does not blow directly on
equipment.
Avoid the proliferation of mildew, and keep out rodents (like mice).
Issue 12 (2015-08-05)
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.
83
