 Chapter 6 Wireless LAN
The following table describes the labels in this screen.
Table 24   Wireless LAN > MAC Filter
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
Profile Name
This is the name that identifying this profile.
Access Control Mode Select Disabled if you do not want to use this feature.
Select Allow to permit access to the NWA1121-NI. MAC addresses not listed will be 
denied access to the NWA1121-NI.
Select Deny to block access to theNWA1121-NI. MAC addresses not listed will be 
allowed to access the NWA1121-NI.
#
This is the index number of the MAC address listed.
MAC Address
Enter the MAC addresses (in XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX format) of the wireless station to be 
allowed or denied access to the NWA1121-NI.
Back
Apply
Cancel
Click Back to return to the previous screen.
Click Apply to save your changes.
Click Cancel to begin configuring this screen afresh.
6.9  Technical Reference
This section provides technical background information about the topics covered in this chapter. 
Refer to Appendix D on page 181 for further readings on Wireless LAN.
6.9.1  Additional Wireless Terms
Table 25   Additional Wireless Terms
TERM
DESCRIPTION
Intra-BSS Traffic
This describes direct communication (not through the NWA1121-NI) between two 
wireless devices within a wireless network. You might disable this kind of 
communication to enhance security within your wireless network.
RTS/CTS Threshold
In a wireless network which covers a large area, wireless devices are sometimes not 
aware of each other’s presence.  This may cause them to send information to the AP 
at the same time and result in information colliding and not getting through.
By setting this value lower than the default value, the wireless devices must 
sometimes get permission to send information to the NWA1121-NI. The lower the 
value, the more often the devices must get permission.
If this value is greater than the fragmentation threshold value (see below), then 
wireless devices never have to get permission to send information to the NWA1121-
NI.
Preamble
A preamble affects the timing in your wireless network. There are two preamble 
modes: long and short. If a device uses a different preamble mode than the 
NWA1121-NI does, it cannot communicate with the NWA1121-NI.
Fragmentation 
Threshold
A small fragmentation threshold is recommended for busy networks, while a larger 
threshold provides faster performance if the network is not very busy.
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
91
