 Chapter 9 System
Table 32   System > SNMP (continued)
LABEL
DESCRIPTION
Server Access
Select the interface(s) through which a computer may access the NWA1121-NI using 
Telnet.
Secured Client IP 
Address
A secured client is a “trusted” computer that is allowed to communicate with the 
NWA1121-NI using this service. 
Secured Client MAC 
Address
SNMP Configuration
Protocol Version
Select All to allow any computer to access the NWA1121-NI using this service.
Choose Selected to just allow the computer with the IP address that you specify to 
access the NWA1121-NI using this service.
Select All to allow any computer to access the NWA1121-NI using this service.
Choose Selected to just allow the computer with the MAC address that you specify to 
access the NWA1121-NI using this service.
Select the SNMP version for the NWA1121-NI, which you allow the SNMP manager to 
use to access the NWA1121-NI.
The SNMP version on the NWA1121-NI must match the version on the SNMP manager. 
Note: SNMP version 2c is backwards compatible with SNMP version 1.
Get Community
Set Community
Enter the Get Community, which is the password for the incoming Get and GetNext 
requests from the management station. 
Enter the Set community, which is the password for incoming Set requests from the 
management station. 
Trap Community
Type the trap community, which is the password sent with each trap to the SNMP 
manager. 
Trap Destination
Type the IP address of the station to send your SNMP traps to.
SNMPv3 Admin 
Settings 
SNMPv3 Admin
Select the check box to enable the SNMP administrator account for authentication with 
SNMP managers using SNMP v3. 
User Name
Specify the user name of the SNMP administrator account.
Password
Enter the password for SNMP administrator authentication. 
Confirm Password
Retype the password for confirmation.
Access Type
Specify the SNMP administrator’s access rights to MIBs.
Read/Write - The SNMP administrator has read and write rights, meaning that the 
user can create and edit the MIBs on the NWA1121-NI.
Read Only - The SNMP administrator has read rights only, meaning the user can collect 
information from the NWA1121-NI.
Authentication 
Protocol
Select an authentication algorithm used for SNMP communication with the SNMP 
administrator.
MD5 (Message Digest 5) and SHA (Secure Hash Algorithm) are hash algorithms used 
to authenticate SNMP data. SHA authentication is generally considered stronger than 
MD5, but is slower. 
Privacy Protocol
Specify the encryption method used for SNMP communication with the SNMP 
administrator. 
DES - Data Encryption Standard is a widely used (but breakable) method of data 
encryption. It applies a 56-bit key to each 64-bit block of data.
AES - Advanced Encryption Standard is another method for data encryption that also 
uses a secret key. AES applies a 128-bit key to 128-bit blocks of data.
NWA1121-NI User’s Guide
109
