HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
Appendix 
DHCP is a client-server networking protocol. Most organizations use DHCP. A DHCP 
server provides configuration parameters specific to the DHCP client host requesting, 
generally, information required by the host to participate on the Internet network. DHCP 
also provides a mechanism for allocation of IP addresses to hosts. 
DNS 
Domain Name System 
A hierarchical way of tracking domain names and their addresses, devised in the 
mid-1980s. The DNS database does not rely on one file or even one server, but rather is 
distributed over several key computers across the Internet to prevent catastrophic failure 
if one or a few computers crash. DNS is a TCP/IP service that belongs to the Application 
layer of the OSI model. 
Ethernet 
A local area network (LAN) architecture developed by Xerox Corporation in 
cooperation with DEC and Intel in 1976. Ethernet uses a bus or star topology and 
supports data transfer rates of 10 Mbit/s. The Ethernet specification serves as the basis 
for the IEEE 802.3 standard, which specifies the physical and lower software layers. 
Ethernet uses the CSMA/CD access method to handle simultaneous demands. It is one of 
the most widely implemented LAN standards. 
IEEE 
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers 
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) is a standards organization for 
computer and electronic devices. Its senior members are IEEE fellows. 
Internet 
Largest global internet work, connecting tens of thousands of networks worldwide and 
having a "culture" that focuses on research and standardization based on real-life use. 
Many leading-edge network technologies come from the Internet community. 
The most important uses of Internet are: 
(cid:122)  Email 
(cid:122)  World Wide Web (WWW) 
(cid:122)  Data transfer 
(cid:122)  Forum of discussion 
(cid:122)  Peer-to-peer data transfer 
(cid:122)  Chat 
(cid:122)  Audio/video streaming 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
9-3 
