Preface 
This manual provides information related to the installation and operation of this 
device.    The individual reading this manual is presumed to have a basic 
understanding of telecommunications terminology and concepts.     
If you find the product to be inoperable or malfunctioning, please contact technical 
support for immediate service by email at INT-support@comtrend.com 
For product update, new product release, manual revision, or software upgrades, 
please visit our website at http://www.comtrend.com 
Important Safety Instructions 
With reference to unpacking, installation, use, and maintenance of your electronic 
device, the following basic guidelines are recommended: 
•  Do not use or install this product near water, to avoid fire or shock hazard.    For 
example, near a bathtub, kitchen sink or laundry tub, or near a swimming pool.   
Also, do not expose the equipment to rain or damp areas (e.g. a wet basement). 
•  Do not connect the power supply cord on elevated surfaces.    Allow it to lie freely.   
There should be no obstructions in its path and no heavy items should be placed 
on the cord.    In addition, do not walk on, step on, or mistreat the cord. 
•  Use only the power cord and adapter that are shipped with this device. 
•  To safeguard the equipment against overheating, make sure that all openings in 
the unit that offer exposure to air are not blocked. 
•  Avoid using a telephone (other than a cordless type) during an electrical storm.   
There may be a remote risk of electric shock from lightening.    Also, do not use 
the telephone to report a gas leak in the vicinity of the leak. 
•  Never install telephone wiring during stormy weather conditions. 
CAUTION: 
(cid:1)  To reduce the risk of fire, use only No. 26 AWG or larger 
telecommunication line cord. 
(cid:1)  Always disconnect all telephone lines from the wall outlet before servicing 
or disassembling this equipment. 
    WARNING 
(cid:1)  Disconnect the power line from the device before servicing.   
(cid:1)  Power supply specifications are clearly stated in Appendix C - 
Specifications.   
Copyright 
Copyright©2010 Comtrend Corporation.    All rights reserved.    The information 
contained herein is proprietary to Comtrend Corporation.    No part of this document 
may be translated, transcribed, reproduced, in any form, or by any means without 
prior written consent of Comtrend Corporation. 
1 
