FAQs 
HUAWEI HG655b Home Gateway 
User Guide 
8.4 What can I do if Web pages often cannot be 
displayed during Web page browsing and can be 
displayed after the terminal is restarted?  
Step 1  Ensure  that  the  terminal  and  other  devices  such  as  telephones  or  fax  machines  are 
connected to the telephone line through a splitter. 
For details about how to install a splitter, see the related description in the manual. 
Step 2  Ensure that telephone lines are properly connected. 
If the telephone lines are improperly connected, the stability of the network connection is 
affected. 
Step 3  Check the positions of your terminal and computer. Ensure that they are far from the 
electric appliances such as microwave ovens, refrigerators, or cordless telephones that 
generate strong magnetic or electric fields. 
If the problem persists, contact your Internet Service Provider. 
8.5 What can I do if noises exist during telephone calls? 
Step 1  Ensure that a splitter is installed. 
A  splitter  helps  to  protect  the  call  quality  of  the  asymmetric  digital  subscriber  line 
(ADSL) from being affected due to the interference of other type of signals. 
Step 2  Ensure that telephone lines are properly connected. Especially ensure that the telephone 
line connecting to the splitter is properly connected. 
Step 3  Replace telephone lines and ensure that the telephone lines are not faulty. 
8.6 After a broadband terminal is installed, does 
Internet access degrade call quality or do telephone 
calls lower the Internet access rate? 
No.  The  terminal  uses  the  frequency  division  multiplexing  (FDM)  and  splitter 
technologies  to  separate  voice  signals  from  data  signals.  Although  the  two  types  of 
signals  are  transmitted  through  one  telephone  line,  they  are  carried  by  different 
frequency bands. Therefore, they do not interfere with each other. In this case, you can 
make a telephone call and access the Internet at the same time, without degrading call 
quality or lowering the Internet access rate. 
8-4 
Huawei Proprietary and Confidential      
Copyright © Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. 
