NETGEAR, INC. 
350 East Plumeria Drive, San Jose, CA 95134, USA 
Date: 2023-05-08 
FCC ID: PY323100586 
To the attention of: 
Federal Communications Commission 
Authorization and Evaluation Division 
Declaration Letter for 
Low Power Indoor Access Points (6ID) 
We, NETGEAR, INC., attest that this device under FCC ID: PY323100586 complies with 
device protocol requirements and operational restrictions for Indoor Access Point Devices (6ID). 
a)  The method used by this indoor access point to control the associated client/subordinate 
power control is as follows:  
An 11ax IEEE AP's Transmit Power Envelope element has information fields for power limits 
for connecting client/subordinate devices. The TPE information is contained in this device 
signals and used by connecting client/subordinate to ensure that it knows the regulatory TX 
powers it is allowed to transmit at. There is a regulatory info field in this device beacon and 
probe response frames which details this device type when the client/subordinate associates 
to this device. 
b)  This Low-power Indoor Access Point operates in the 5.925-7.125 GHz band. It is supplied 
power from a wired connection, has an integrated antenna, is not battery-powered, and does 
not have a weatherized enclosure. 
c)  We acknowledge this device is subject to and in full compliance with the device restrictions 
listed below. All users are notified of these restrictions through the user manual. 
•  This device's operation will not be allowed on oil platforms, cars, trains, boats, and 
aircraft, except that operation of this device is permitted in large aircraft while flying 
above 10,000 feet.  
•  This device is prohibited for control of or communications with unmanned aircraft 
systems, including drones. 
d)  This device employs a Contention-Based Protocol as demonstrated in the test report.  
If you should have any questions regarding this declaration, please do not hesitate to contact us, 
thank you! 
Sincerely yours, 
----------------------------------- 
David Kay, Regulatory Compliance Director  
NETGEAR, INC.  
Tel: 4088903160 
Fax: 4089078097 
E-mail: david.kay@netgear.com 
