FCC CUSTOMER INFORMATION
maintain uninterrupted service. Connection to party line service is subject to state tariffs. Contact the state public utility commission, 
public service commission or corporation commission for information.
If trouble is experienced with this unit, for repair or warranty information, please contact DIRECTV Customer Care at the address 
and phone number listed below. If the equipment is causing harm to the network, the telephone company may request that you 
disconnect the equipment until the problem is resolved.
DIRECTV
2230 E. Imperial Hwy
El Segundo, CA 90245
1-800-DIRECTV
If your home has specially wired alarm equipment connected to the telephone line, ensure the installation of this DIRECTV Satellite 
Receiver does not disable your alarm equipment. If you have questions about what will disable alarm equipment, consult your alarm 
company, telephone company or a qualified installer.
DO NOT DISASSEMBLE THIS EQUIPMENT. It does not contain any user-serviceable components.
We recommend the installation of an AC surge arrester in the AC outlet to which this equipment is connected. Telephone companies 
report that electrical surges, typically lightning transients, are very destructive to customer terminal equipment connected to AC 
power sources.
FCC RF Radiation Exposure Statement
MPE/SAR/RF Exposure Information. This equipment complies with FCC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled 
environment.  
This equipment was verified for RF exposure and found to comply with Council Recommendation 1999/519/EC and FCC OET-65 RF 
exposure requirements. 
WARNING: While this equipment is in operation, a separation distance of at least 20 centimeters (equal to 8 inches) must be 
maintained between the antenna inside the equipment and the bodies of all persons exposed to the antenna in order to meet 
the FCC RF exposure guidelines. Making changes to the antenna or the equipment is not permitted. Doing so may result in the 
equipment exceeding the FCC RF exposure guidelines. This equipment must not be co-located or operated in conjunction with any 
other antenna or radio transmitter.  
136
